yeehaw
hey hanging in there fella great man I
think these things are gonna annoy a lot
of people if you're listening we're
wearing a luminol we're wearing
spacesuits yeah god they're so crunchy
there's not many left for me to get this
is the yeah this is my favorite one I
like the orange one for some strange
reason the white one just seems like I'm
a cleanup person you know like you're
doing some NASA cleanup like this alien
body - trying to get rid of but this
feels like we're about to do something
special yeah but we're protected yeah I
just hope it doesn't start making us
sweat and we lose like a hundred pounds
well this is the same shit that's on the
outside of the lunar module land that
cheap looking aluminum foil oh yeah
looks like it was stuck on there with
gum yeah the heat shield whatever it is
yeah what did that fucking fake stuff is
or the alien you ever see the alien
where he had to put that big sheet that
was made out of this material at the
very end you ever see that movie was a
predator or alien no no the alien the
one with Matt Damon and he's like lost
in space no Martha Mars well they have
these four people that get like lost
hiking like their blankets they'll keep
you alive you won't be cozy they'll keep
you alive they're like these real thin
aluminum foil looking blankets yeah I
guess they just retain heat pretty good
right pretty good you know like you're
not getting a good night's sleep but you
might stay alive yeah how are you
holding up I'm all right yeah yeah
you know um look these people that got
rough the people that got it rough our
number one medical workers anybody you
know much love to anybody that's working
in hospitals right now doctors nurses
everybody interns everybody everybody
people working the desk
goddamn you guys have it rough you know
those are the people number one number
two ha anybody in the hospitality
industry people serving food restaurants
grocery store work oh yeah they have a
rough bit they have jobs you know it's
rough but their jobs are still open the
thing
drives me crazy is there's so many
restaurants where these people you know
employed 5060 people and you know
restaurants are hard it's hard to stay
open when things are great
you know restaurants are a fucking but
what does it say it's one of the number
one businesses that fails like that what
is the see if you could find a statistic
but it's something crazy like 70% of all
restaurants fail within the first year
does this fuck ha imagine running a
restaurant
especially what can't like a chicken
restaurant you're like everyone says
chicken that was that great restaurant
that was right next to the ice house we
used to go there all the time yeah it
was good in the place that just replaced
it just closed down Leah says they have
a high failure rate but knowing why can
help the prospective owners around 60%
of new restaurants fail within the first
year and nearly 80% shudder before their
fifth anniversary Wow
80% in five years so if you get a
restaurant like Dan Tana's that's been
open since like the 60s or something
like when do you ever eat at Dan Tana's
Jamie have you do you know where Dan
Tana's s oh my god dude we need to do at
dinner at Dan Tana's anytime post or
dinner at Dan Tana's because Dan Tana's
is open the kitchen's open till I came
it'd night it's phenomenal some of the
best Italian food in all of LA and it's
on Santa Monica Boulevard like on the
border of Boys Town it's next to the
troubadour hey hey yeah the troubadour
where I saw I saw
Everlast recently and Sturgill turtle
Simpson played the troubadour to
troubadours dope I hope Everlast is
doing okay with his daughter his
daughter has he's being real smart and
staying the fuck away from everybody and
they're holed up and everybody's healthy
last I spoke to him yeah bro that place
is the shit they have phenomenal pasta
they have excellent steaks it's a really
good
old-school restaurant if you go in there
like it looks like they haven't done
shit to that place since 1970
everything's perfect like that that's
what it looks like inside I have seen
it's amazing dude it's so good it's so
good I love that old-school Italian look
you know it the red tablecloth I ate
there with Suzanne
Suzanne and I went to see Sturgill and
then afterwards we ate at Dan Tana's
also dude I feel like we're real
Hollywood she got hold you know some
Suzanne from honey honey she got hold up
in North Carolina oh gosh
yeah you know her folks are down there
so she went down there and she's holed
up I know so many people are hope nick
swardson he's holed up in michigan you
know or Minnesota for rather where he's
from you know one of them M warrants
right my friend David kill Tony he was
stuck in New York and he got out like
the day before they just banned it like
all travel out of New York right now no
hanging out with David a little bit yeah
even 14 days hey man got take your
temperature Jamie's got somebody in this
building
checkpoints they're showing videos of in
Florida blocking people coming in from
like New York yeah so many people flew
down there to bail and they brought that
shit down there yeah there was a read an
article I think it was in the Atlantic
about people who are on the Cape like
Cape Cod in Boston and they're mad that
people who own summer houses out there
gonna stay in their summer house like
hey you fuck this is where we live don't
bring your cooties over here yeah but
they live there two men they just down
two houses they still own the house you
know just if you own too hot like how
does that work you know like people want
their isolation right cuz they live in
their town but if somebody bought that
house this is still America that's their
fucking house yeah I get it you don't
want a bunch people coughing around you
but they don't want a bunch of people
coughing around them either which is why
they went to the Cape in the first place
yeah I'm just everyone's scared Burbank
had like two cases and then yesterday
just a retirement home right next to my
house somebody got it and gave it just
like 17 people so we just went up with
like a ton in Burbank oh it just makes
me wonder like any of those people went
to my grocery store cuz now I'm thinking
about that now I'm like over thinking
like I got to the over thing where like
now I'm thinking about postmates sigh
postmates so much what if the driver
sneezes on my food or Amazon box like
the cardboard box what if the yeah you
got to think if you post me that guy's
going all
over the place right they have to yeah I
have to and I doubt post mates us giving
them like spray and gloves and all that
this is like the craziest way to try to
stop something from spreading in massive
cities where everybody travels where
everybody's connected to everybody so
even when you have everybody on lockdown
it just it's like you got fingers in the
dike you know like trying to hold up the
holes in the dam but water still
squirting through for sure it's not like
you open up the whole dam but you got to
think of all the different people that
have to work just hospital workers them
alone man they have to work the other
thing I was reading Atlantic is another
up and reading Atlantic lately
apparently another another article was
they were talking about these doctors
they can't even test people they can't
use the tests on them unless they meet
certain criteria and the doctor was like
he said when these people come they have
a fever they're coughing and if they
didn't have coronavirus before they got
here they probably do now I was like oh
my god
Jesus Christ and we're not even today
supposedly the middle part of it on this
yeah and it's also um like whose fault
is it is it anybody's fault it seems
like no one has any idea what's going on
and to blame anybody definitely bad
decisions were made whoever ate the
first bag
Asya uh whoever did it that's for a long
time they're just like the Bee Gees down
there trying to stay alive I read the
article bot they said the lady who was
patient zero that got it first she
thinks she got it from being in a stall
next to it somehow she didn't say she
ate like a bat hello she was in that
market and like she was selling
something else in there and like being
near it oh man she's breathing bat air
all day when the other people got up to
around her oh that's what their
explanation I read you she weeks like is
there any reason for a bat to be a lot a
species still like can't we just wipe
out bats well they were talking about
doing that with mosquitoes but when you
play God with an ecosystem you don't
know what the unintended consequences
are
some good examples of that like you
can't just do that like we even bring in
a new species to a place where there's
you know it seems like the species gonna
be fine has disastrous results most of
the time but does it's not a part of the
system like it's weird man like systems
they they're they exist in nature and
there's like all these strengths and
weaknesses that balance each other out
these animals that eat other animals and
those animals animals eat certain plants
and those certain plants they shit those
plants out and helps fertilize other
plants and they got it down they know
what they're doing and you throw a
Buffalo into that and everybody
everything gets fucked up I mean that's
that's what happened Australia
you know Australia and New Zealand are
both crazy examples of that are
Australia in particular because so many
people live there
I mean is many almost as many people as
live in LA live in Australia which
doesn't seem like a lot isn't Australia
like they're not letting anyone leave
yeah I think they got I don't know is
that true I thought I read that they
were probably should but anyway
Australia has wild cats like house cats
that they put out to kill some other
thing that they put out to live over
they they did a bunch of stupid shit
like that like they have all these
animals just roaming around they have to
kill them they have to chase them down
and kill them all these deer and all
these different stags and these
different animals they say sometimes
they have to do with helicopters they
fly over and just gone them down because
they don't have any predators so these
things just get to these preposterous
proportions look at Japanese beetles you
know they came from Japan and they they
fuck up our country what every seven
years they come in town and just you
guys ever had beetles in LA I don't know
like where you have you know mess well
they get those bark beetles that fucked
up Big Bear
yeah those about you know those bark
beetle trees yeah they kill a certain
large number of those trees and because
we're scared of fire for good reasons we
never let fires happen so those trees in
nature they're supposed to burn down and
it's supposed to like them everything's
supposed to recover and the burn
actually helps the trees grow you know
again it's a system that's been in place
for a million years but we're we're like
we're better than this we're smarter we
know what we're gonna do we're just
gonna yeah some beetles got over there
on a boat who gives a shit
some plants got in someone's boot the
seeds we're in the cracks of someone's
boot and wound up in the forest and this
new invasive species cropped up and
chokes out all the native plants it
happens all the time
what's that stuff that's in the south we
talked about it one time it covers
everything some crazy growth that I
believe it's from Asia originally and it
made it down someone was explaining it
to me and I remember I was blown away
because I've never never heard it's like
a mold they can know it's like a like a
vine it covers everything it's like
trees that cover other trees they choke
out all the life they take away all the
oxygen and Sun oxygen trees don't even
breathe oxygen yeah that's the stuff
pull up a picture that shit takes over a
whole forest Jesus yeah it's weird I
never even heard about it until like
three or four years ago some on the
podcast brought it up and I was like
whacked look at that dude that's just
that stuff just takes over so it's
growing over trees grows over everything
well it's like it's a ghost yeah it's
like it's like an alien thing that
decides it's gonna like overcome
everything in its environment and
completely take over other trees at
least it looks okay it looks it looks
dope but he's it's weird dude it's
things like that are weird because if
that was an animal doing that to other
animals we'd be freaked out if we like
let these rats loose and the rats were
like chasing down you know people's cows
and killing all these people's cows
you'd be like what the fuck is going on
oh these rats just live around cows and
consume them but we see trees getting
consumed like if you've never seen these
photos the stuff spelled que UD zu and
it's that what was that in the
Mississippi it was out of the photo was
from that last photo I think somewhere
in the south and I don't know when this
shit sefa see see if you could find the
history when it was introduced oh it's
in Portland Oregon - yeah well that name
sounds like it came from Asia brought
over here with that stuff is just
dominating wherever it is
it's weird it's when especially when
something like this is going on like
we're dealing with coronavirus and you
stop and think about the things that get
1876 sent 10 Centennial Exposition in
Philadelphia
that's when kuzu was introduced from
Japan at the United States at the
Japanese Pavilion 1876 so from 1876 that
shit took the fuck off
there anything you could do like eat it
or smoke oh good question that picture
that Jamie had the last picture about
Portland was talking about an
eradication they're trying to eradicate
it but how do you eradicate all that
stuff there's so much of it he just says
cammo to cover up tanks and shit in
World War two that makes sense yeah oh
my god you'd hide that stuff perfect
you never you'll see what the fuck
anything is there we go yeah you can
kind of eat it as it contains a starch
and the flowers can be made into a jelly
whoa it's been used as a food ingredient
in East Asia and Vietnam
the starts called say that bot Sande
what do you think Maxon guy bot Sunday
its flavored with pop mellow and then
use it as a drink in the summer yeah
there you go
but it's a life form that's killing
another life-form taking over a massive
swaths of land and it makes me think
about this coronavirus you know this is
that's that's that's another different I
mean it's not a life-form it's a virus
technically but it's obviously a thing
that grows and wants life and kills and
consumes bodies takes over and it's so
easily it pass I get like people are
talking about how like if you let
somebody pet your dog like if you're
walking your dog and somebody goes oh no
and pet your dog is on the dog it's on
your dog Jesus Christ or like these
jewels you put your jewel down on a
table you don't even think about it
maybe right in your mouth you live in a
dirty straw the other day exactly your
desert straw-rick East you have that
dirty straw in your pocket all the time
so he's rubbing up against you Linton
right your common yeah luckily these
things are that the ends are replaceable
so you're kind of rode away every five
minutes
have a giant gym bag my girlfriend just
got one of those phone cleaners where
you put your phone in the UV light so
now I'm putting everything in and put
Jules car keys it's a good move it's a
good move I had heard about those before
I didn't know there was a thing that I
found out about called ass Terry stick
and they use it when they go back
country hiking and stuff and camping and
it purifies water with a stick like it's
an electrolyte band and you stick it in
into this you it's UV light and you
stick it into this elect the it's like a
straw looking thing the LifeStraw yeah
like a lightsaber no those kids
lifesaver right that's what it looks
like with the clear on the outside and
you just see if you find one of those
fucking things I went and apparently the
light kills all the bacteria but it
doesn't filter the taste still tastes
like donkey piss
yeah you still get a little great so
yeah I mean if you get lucky you get a
clean stream you just run that through
it and it doesn't alter the taste of the
water which is nice I don't know how
it's working yeah there's other ones the
life straws where you can just sit there
drink urine through a straw and it
cleans it as it goes yeah I would trust
that more than just a light
well those get clogged up man and
sometimes they leak sometimes people get
Giardia from those filters they don't
clean them good enough and they get
clogged up with poo which is what
Giardia is you're basically getting a
disease that comes out of go for shit
they call it beaver fever yeah I wonder
if this Coronas gonna kill joint circles
because like now that seems insane to
just go out in the back of the Comi
store with twenty continuity comics yeah
sure so that fucking thing oh that
little lightsaber thing Sterry stick
that can see what does it say it as far
as how how quick it doesn't this is an
article about this first test draw like
this SteriPEN a small pen like
electronic device that emits an
ultraviolet light purifies either half a
liter or one full liter of water at a
time the device operates on batteries
and works with clean water by killing
the DNA of harmful microbes and bacteria
but how weird is that how long it takes
up because I know that the phone cleaner
takes like ten minutes one minute later
that doesn't seem right well so once the
water is safe to drink about one minute
later the light turns off and flashes
green one minute
that's insane I wonder if they tested it
they should test it yeah there was this
one executive and he was talking about
how safe glyphosate is that's roundup
that that stuff that they're now proving
causes cancer proving and lawsuits have
been settled and you know it's it's it's
not good for you to consume this guy had
a glass of it he's like you could drink
it I said the guy's like go ahead drink
it he wouldn't drink a glass of it like
bitch
drink it did you see the guy that they
just arrested for selling the
coronavirus pill that supposedly kills
the current virus he reminds me of that
old bodybuilding guy what's it dan or
whatever that used to sell fake yeah but
if you look at this guy he looks like
he's selling well there was some
preachers that were selling it like Jim
Baker was telling a corona virus a virus
cure they straight up for rested this
guy though yeah he looks like I mean
what they say there's nothing but the
the chloroquine there's no studies right
there's no definitive test but they're
still letting people try it is that
what's going on with that I think so
like the couple that died took the wrong
shit yeah they took that could poison
yeah you took algae yeah
bacteria killer it's that's for fucking
koi ponds yeah it's poison they took
poison yeah they died from taking points
they misread or misunderstood or
something dude the media today is kind
of spooky with their hatred of Trump is
getting in the way of the accuracy of
some people's reporting of the news and
that's a perfect example by resorting to
clickbait and saying that they heard it
from Trump but he that's not what he
said what he's talking about is a
different kind of chloroquine there's
more than one different kind of it right
right but if they just said real simply
that these people died please be careful
there is more than one different kind of
chloroquine and chloroquine hasn't been
shown to
to work yet and it's not necessarily
safe to take if they said that that
would be great but instead they had to
say the president told people to take it
but that's not what he said
what he said is that there's hope and
we're hoping that this could be a cure
or this could be a treatment that's what
he said but that's what everybody's
saying
like if you go and read articles about
that when doctors are talking about
potential treatments there's a bunch of
different ones there's IV vitamin C
there's chloroquine there's uh the so
it's this core quench which is like an
old-school malaria medication and then Z
packs they're talking about what does
that call death-row Mathison how do you
say that I you know but at that
antibiotic they're saying that that may
have some effect but these are main you
know that's what they're saying like
it's people who are scrambling for an
answer we're trying to help people not
not sure if this is you know definitely
gonna work or not gonna work but it
shows some promise
that's what Trump talked about like you
can't give him a hard time for talking
about what doctors are talking about
because legitimate people are talking
about that combination of things
just because you hate Trump you can't
distort this and make it seem like Trump
did something irresponsible by talking
about this hopeful disease medication
and these people took the wrong version
of it and died like that's a cautionary
tale it's not a chance to shit on Trump
but everything's a chance to shit on
Trump it's so exhausting it's just it's
it's fucking weird man well I did see
news ratings I don't know he's silly
there's no doubt he does silly shit but
he's gotten a lot better at handling
confrontational conversations with
reporters you know I was watching this
one yesterday and this reporter was
asking him questions about a few things
but she asked about people dying because
of the economy failing and him talking
about like and is there anyone that
could speak to this she says it's in
this playing a game right the game as
she knows there's no real data that
shows if they do that this will happen
if the economy crash is the way they
anticipated crashing and all these
people are out of work for extended
period of time X amount of people will
kill themselves
but we for sure know that economic
despair is is a reason why some people
go into depression depression is a
reason why some people kill themselves
these are all facts that we all know
like maybe you can't pull that out of
your ass when you're standing in front
of a podium and you're addressing people
and they're calling you out on this and
what she was saying correctly is we
can't put money ahead of people's lives
so the correct thing by most people's
account is for at least some period of
time separating everybody maintaining
this this distance and putting a stop to
the the number of disease you know
viruses are number of people to get
infected but what he's saying is there's
also a factor that we have to consider
that all these people out of work could
lead to suicide it could lead to drug
addiction and he's right and you know
he's right we all know he's right that's
not that's irrefutable when people's
lives fall apart through the unexpected
circumstances some people are hanging on
by a fucking thread and that comes along
and it doesn't man that does happen to
people we all know that to be true just
because you hate Trump you can't pretend
that this isn't going to be rough for
people or you can't pretend that him
saying that this can cause a loss of
life too I think the problem might have
been he might have said maybe more life
there's no evidence of that that's true
there's no evidence that it might cause
more loss of life I think also we grew
up always listening when a at a
stressful time when the president came
on he felt comforted like like his tone
of voice how he how he acted he always
kind of felt safer and I think when when
it comes to Trump you're just like he
does kind of remind me of like you know
like you know like a New York or New
Jersey guy like you know cocks well yeah
he's a New York real estate mogul you
know you have to have a certain amount
of that to thrive in New York City yeah
in New York people are a unique breed
brother who got hit harder than them
they've already lost more than a foul
and people as of this morning yeah
that's that place has got it bad cuz
they're all stacked on top of each other
you know it's one of the things
unfortunately it makes New York awesome
New York you're just immersed you know
you're immersed in people you know you
walk down the street in New York and
this is fuckin people are everywhere man
they're coming at you you're coming at
them it's wild it's a different kind of
way of living I get it all the people
that love it you know my friend Jeff
he's lived there forever since I met him
he's my manager and he fuckin loves it
loves New York just loves it loves
knowing all the good spots you know
loves knowing how to get around the
subway he doesn't even need a man loves
it he loves it I go there I'm like Jesus
Christ I just I just go and I go wow
yeah that's how I feel about New York
too ah but it's great it's great and I
get it that you would want to live there
I get it if you especially like creative
types but Judah Friedlander was telling
us it's like all bankers now he says
because he goes it's so fucking
expensive to live in Manhattan it's not
like this you know this giant artists
community anymore it goes everybody's
sort of been pushed out to Brooklyn and
pushed out to the other boroughs it's so
expensive
I looked up somebody like a celebrity
accidentally put out his address the
other day I'm like oh I want to know
what he lists you know he lives in that
little two-bedroom apartment 3.7 million
dollars and I was just what yeah he's
been blogging from it and just looks
like a basic apartment 40 minutes out of
Nashville 2.7 3.7 that what you said how
much 3.7 3.7 million dollars will buy
you a goddamn farm I'm gonna have a
giant ass farm with like 400 acres of
land and a beautiful house with a view
maybe I have a Creek in your backyard
that's what you get for 3.7 million
dollars yeah
you're not supposed to get a fucking
apartment no basic apartment is it that
Chelsea district so I think that's a
good spot I guess I don't know anything
about New York yeah I know that one spot
that was really good that everybody's
trying to convince me I should move to
flooded what's that one spot down in the
under the base of New York what's that
one place where they all love it
financial district down there yeah
there's like but there's an area down
there that's like real
ritzy Meatpacking District yeah but they
don't call it's got another name Hell's
Kitchen no no I don't know Chelsea no
it's not that I know people in New
Yorker scream there's some I'll remember
later but it flooded like real bad like
my friends elevator had seven feet of
water in it yeah like your Lobby you go
into the lobby was filled with water
starts with a tea god damn it's driving
me crazy
[Laughter]
so we went there to visit once back in
the dizzay when my older daughter was
going to college and when we drove
around like to see what it'd be like to
live in New York
we were like you guys are high educated
you park
there's no way to park if you want a
parking spot it cost you like 2,000
bucks like that kind of it like maybe if
because you if you don't like cars you'd
like New York better but like if you
have a car yeah well there's freedom
that we have there's a freedom of just
being able to get in your car and just
you know drive down to a deli at 1:00 in
the morning and park and get out with
your friends and does that freedom that
you have to just go wherever you want
with cars once you get used to that and
you get used to not being on top of
people like the subway you get just like
you get spoiled you get spoiled but
there's a benefit to being on top of
people - New York is way more diverse in
terms of the way people interact with
each other like their you your walk like
rich people or walking down the street
with poor people or walking up the
street and everybody's together
there's no everybody together in LA you
know so no time where everybody just
intermingles it's like people stay in
their neighborhoods or they go out to
bars and restaurants and they go back to
their neighborhoods they're not walking
past each other for prolonged periods of
time to and from work you know in the
neighborhood going from place to place
just walking around it's kind of ironic
that the most urban place is the place
where the people walk the most kind of
ironic right yeah I mean any place any
place that's less urban everybody just
drives everywhere because it's easy you
just get in your car and drive somewhere
but there it's so hard to park everybody
just walks
no imagine if everybody in New York had
a car that would be the most ridiculous
thing ever you you actually couldn't do
it right no how many million people are
in New York in Manhattan just Manhattan
that lived there yeah what do you think
like seven no it's less than that
because like Brooklyn's way bigger
really yeah most people driving into the
city okay better the day when they leave
let's let's take a bet I bet it's more
than that it's five he's five I just
heard a discussion about the other day
Oh would you hear it on that like some
guys talking about Brooklyn if it was on
its own not part of the boroughs it
would be like the fifth largest city in
the country is this guy just someone
hanging out with you or no no there's a
podcast discussion Oh live in New York
that's the problem I heard this I heard
shit let's google it I say five million
what do you say 3.7 oh that's a good
hedge your bet news and you say to
Manhattan yeah yeah a million Wow Wow
holy shit hmm that doesn't seem right
mmm Manhattan like the borough or all of
New York City
no just me just banana yeah yeah I bet
it's bigger than that so it's like a
Burbank at night one leaves there's no
one actually there's no way it's a
million there's so many people that live
there 1.6 Wow oh my god that's bonkers
does that in the 30s 31.6 and how many
visit there to work every day that's
that's gotta be fuckin it stupendous
what do you guess every day 3.7 I'm
saying 5 5 million visitors
how many 65.2 main tourist in a year oh
but that's tourists
I mean commuters like you out there yeah
how many people didn't commute there
every day 3.7 it's uh it's an
interesting life man and those people
that love it when they go somewhere else
it says Oden 0.62 3.12 commute every day
so doubles oh that's it huh 3.1 Wow I
would have guessed it would be I would
have guessed that Manhattan was like 7
million people what is like the hole
all over New York City all the borough's
today at all it's like close like 10 or
11 12 get everything all together but
but Manhattan itself yeah what's a lot
of fucking rich people you see some of
the places that are for sale in
Manhattan I I don't know what happened
but I got on a YouTube thing where I
started watching these ridiculous
apartment buildings in New York City
that they build where they build them
specifically for like you know some
crazy Arab oil dude who's got a shit ton
of money wants the dopest fucking house
on the planet earth or some hedge fund
guys about to get busted before he one
thing what's go out with a bang ray
spend all his money but they have
elevators and fucking theaters and huge
home spas and they have some of them
actually have garages you can actually
park in a garage in New York City it
shows like the crowning jewel of this
building a garage you actually can park
your car and do York City Wow what is
wrong what did you do yeah it's it's
weird being on Facebook my friends are
realtor and he'll just post like : here
here's a 8 bedroom unit in Texas two
hundred thousand dollars and you're just
looking at like that Scarface's house
like I want to buy that yeah you'd have
to if you lived in Texas would you go
Austin there's two moves no this 3mo is
really hard there's Austin if you're
like you know what a hand tattoo was
yeah I love craft beer and uh I like I
like going to see live bands or your
Houston where it's like you really love
oil money or Dallas I would definitely
not do Houston because of the weather
too funky yeah it's too humid it's hot
and it's too much to drown like flooding
lately in control right like my
ex-girlfriends house her parents house
got flooded like four times they rebuilt
it and then it got flood rebuilt it one
time when we were we were at the laugh
stop and after we left the entire city
went underwater like the hotel where we
were staying that doesn't exist anymore
because it went underwater yeah it's the
laugh stop yeah Dallas is my favor
because you could always drive to Austin
then you can get out before anybody just
annoys you in Dallas is pretty close to
Los Angeles it's got a lot of money and
it's very
rich and so everywhere you go it feels
very la and they have less healers per
capita yeah fucking love Austin I love
Austin but there's there's a high
percentage of knuckleheads that are like
wrapped up in the spiritual sort of
aspects of nonsense takes one Rock story
death ruin that oh my god one person
who's a channeler who's doing seances at
their house picking up right now no
protecting you know people need money
people need money they're not gonna
spend their fuckin money on some
nonsense that in the back of their head
they know it was nonsense you hearing
way way way way way less people complain
about nonsense right now you know you
know you don't hear the the standard
outrage at stupid shit what you're
hearing now is people really concerned
about people's lives you know and I'm
I'm hoping that this is gonna last that
this feeling of understanding that we
are really vulnerable we're all we're in
this together
we really are you know and sometimes it
takes something like this to happen
where you go oh shit but no we really
are we're in this together we just
didn't realize it cuz it was easy it was
easy to get by it's really cool seeing
the neighborhood aspect of it like I've
been I don't know if you're on next door
I how you're on next door it'll be
hilarious but next door it's like you
know like it's a reddit thread for your
neighborhood and just hearing people
like hey does anyone have toilet paper
and sometimes I'll drop off lemons my
lemon tree you know and just like
helping each other out it's like it's
pretty pretty beautiful
it didn't happen before this you know
it's very cool it's funny saying lemons
my next-door neighbor she was handing
out lemons yesterday she had a bucket
free lemons come take some lemons just
set it out in front of the house yeah
it's some there's good parts to being
scared you realize you know people get
cocky man it's one of the reasons why I
like weed one of the lick I've talked
about this and people think I'm kidding
but one of the reasons why I like weed
is it makes me paranoid I like it I can
get cocky people get cocky you get
confused you know you can you can start
believing some pretty stupid things
about just life in general
if you're not humbled by a little fear
sometimes just a little nervousness just
a little anxiety just a little lookup
it's the sky what would we do if an
asteroid shower just came down
unannounced and just completely wiped
out the power grid you want to talk
about death and disease what we're
experiencing now is this is a fucking
dry run for a real apocalyptic event
this is nothing this is nothing in
comparison stuff that could happen
we got cocky we didn't think it could
happen because nothing had happened so
long and we'd find these craters and we
like look we found a spot where
everybody died and you know 200,000
years ago oh look here's a spot where
the dinosaurs were killed 65 million
years ago there's all these spots where
they keep finding these gigantic fucking
craters there's where Noah's Ark crashed
people that are really just looking for
Noah's Ark you missed the point remember
that guy from a long time ago and made
the video Noah's Ark oh yeah only what
happened to that guy didn't that guy
want us to go look at it yeah no you're
like what are you gonna show me a big
boat I'm like bro but if you're coming
to me you already fucked up you know
you're coming to me to release your
Noah's Ark information I don't think
this is real sir but I think the Noah's
Ark story is look you just have to put
it through the filter of time right
we're talking about thousands and
thousands of years ago and we're talking
about people likely telling a story for
hundreds if not thousands of years
before it ever gets written down and all
these different versions of it get
tossed around but the heart of the
Noah's Ark story is the cataclysmic
event happens and this one guy collects
a bunch of animals and he restarts
civilization that is you could easily
put that through the filter of
interpretation and say I bet what
happened was there was a small group of
people
survived some sort of massive
cataclysmic event and one guy convinced
someone or they made it up that he knew
it was coming and that God had been
talking to him so that's why he was able
to to lead everybody and then after they
tell the story 3,000 different times it
gets all wacked out and you know God
comes down and tells him no you got to
build a boat so he builds this boat and
everybody laughs at him he brings on two
of each animal you know it's a dumbest
story ever it's a but it's a story that
clearly it's not a real story right
because I you know had that bit about if
you told that to a five-year-old kid
with mental handicap he would be like
there's a lot of holes in that story
that bit was but the accuracy of his
like animals eat other animals you can't
just have two of each animal on a boat
that's ridiculous that doesn't make any
sense that makes zero sense like what
are you doing why are you lying to me
something else happened but what they're
trying to say is some animals survived
and civilization restarted they didn't
know how big the world was back then
people 4,000 years ago whatever it was
when they first wrote these stories down
or even had these ideas those people had
no idea how big the world was they were
in their spot if some shit went down in
your spot you thought the world was
ending
you know q imagine if you're living near
Pompeii when that Mount Vesuvius blows
and the whole fucking town gets covered
in ash and everybody dies imagine if you
live in anywhere near there you would
think that hell just broke out in in the
world you wouldn't think Oh in you know
Thailand right now they're just chilling
on the beach you wouldn't think that you
would think it's over like this for
everyone everywhere meanwhile on the
other side of the world in fucking New
Zealand they didn't even know what
happened
you have no idea they're just hanging
out meanwhile these people are dead as
fuck covered in ash over New Zealand
they're just hanging out you know like
that's how the world is the world's been
huge and if some shit goes down in one
part back then you didn't know so if you
one of the people survived when some
shit went down you would write about it
and then people would talk and they'd
tell that story and they pass it on to
other people and they pass it on to
other
people and somewhere through these
stories they've figured out it's like a
framework in here for telling people
that shit could go down and that we have
to work together and that we have to
believe in a higher power and that if
you believe in a higher power and you
believe is something else it's bigger
and better than you you'll do better
things while you're here you know that's
it's so obvious obviously I could be
wrong too but my that's that's my take
on it and I think we've just had this
giant stretch where none of those things
happened you know we've had a couple of
hundred years of pretty easy life in
terms of natural disasters you know you
got your occasional hurricane again if
you were there you would think it's hell
if you were where the tornado hits when
we're chilling here in LA and the
tornado hits Louisiana we feel bad you
see all 36 people died in a tornado we
feel bad but you don't feel it you know
you don't know the sky monsters coming
to take your loved ones but if you're
there that sky monster is a real thing
it's a sky monster just cuz it doesn't
have fangs just cuz it doesn't laugh at
you oh it's ripping your family apart
and throwing fuckin bait bathtubs in the
air and you ever seen well there's one
video of a semi like a semi truck
spinning in the sky was it twist it hit
a parking area for semi trucks and these
semi trucks were literally getting flown
around the air yeah yeah we found this
before dude it might be twister oh my
god just like twist it's just like
twister but it's real and it's metal tip
this is a fucking it's probably several
thousand pounds and they're just getting
flown through the air by the sky monster
now imagine if a huge dinosaur came
through town and did the exact same
amount of damage killed the exact same
amount of people like fucking Godzilla's
real oh shit
it's a fucking lizard monster but we're
not scared to the sky monster the way we
are of the lizard monster you would
never live in the land with the lizard
monster car and he just disappears this
goes back up in the class
over there mountains you know he's
coming like fuck we got to get out of
here that's just like the sky monster
but he doesn't chase you sky monsters
blind he just whatever is in his path if
he gets lucky and catches a town and
just rips that fucker apart but if he
just goes through the swamp and sends
alligators into the area that he doesn't
give a fuck
sky monsters just doing sky monster type
shit he's not targeting specific
individuals but the lizard monster would
that's the only difference
like if Godzilla's real yes if God's it
was real and he only went to Louisiana
who the fuck is gonna live live in
Louisiana imagine if Godzilla's proven
Godzilla's never gone outside the
boundaries of Louisiana
everybody's running from Godzilla no one
in the movies leaves Tokyo they stay
there they just like Godzilla's back
still there Godzilla into all these
tornados this virus I've been saying
this about all viruses that diseases are
like demons you know and we just if we
were losing like have you seen the
numbers - this is something that my
friend Steve who's a doctor sent me and
this is a fucking cricket a series of
crazy statistics but the crazy
statistics about how many people died
like it puts it into perspective I mean
and all life lost is valuable all life
lost is a tragedy I'm not saying
anything other than that but what I'm
just I'm not diminishing anyone's loss
of life but what I am saying is I was
stunned when I saw the actual numbers so
2017 - tooth - 2018 h2 n3 pandemic
killed 61 thousand Americans did you
know that I didn't know that I know that
did you know that Jam I've heard numbers
like that recently yeah but not before
2017 - 2018 hospitalized thirty thousand
four hundred fifty three an estimated
effected was eight hundred and ninety
four thousand seven hundred people buy
that flu that's crazy
overall death rate was seven point five
with a peak in January 2018 of ten point
eight again I'm a moron not a doctor
reading you a text message maybe I
shouldn't be doing that maybe someone
should look into this 2009 pandemic no
this is the one that Burt said he had he
said that h1n1 it killed eighty three
thousand three hundred Americans death
rates range from 4 percent to 33 percent
for pediatric zero to 22 percent for 18
is 64 for 0 to 4 percent for those over
65 man this is crazy us case is 60 point
eight million two hundred seventy four
thousand hospitalized twelve thousand
four hundred and sixty nine deaths in
the u.s. like I'm just going over all
these different ones that happen flu of
the year of 2020 cases reported 45
million hospitals hospitalizations four
and a 15,000 deaths forty-eight thousand
that's for the 2020 flu this flu season
there's so many people that die of the
flu but obviously this says when you see
health care workers freaking out you
know this is different so what is
different about it that's it's all at
the same time yeah it's all at the same
time it's new it's a new virus people
don't they don't have immunity for it
they don't really know how to cure it
and it attacks the respiratory system
and it seems to have a real quick
turnaround from I'm not feeling so good
too I'm dead you know it's it happens
very quickly for some people shockingly
so some of these were in and it seems to
affect different people in different
ways
but there's a lot going on with this one
that has smart people going we need to
fucking stay home for a bit just
everybody chill no large gatherings just
chill do you ever get the flu shot every
year I mean like I feel like I get the
flu almost every year but I never did
the flu shot like it seems you should do
the other thing I don't know like I
didn't get last year I don't get the flu
shot yeah yeah yeah it seems like it
said I've survived and been healthy but
just eating well and not getting the flu
shot and then making sure I'm in the
sauna and I exercise well and sleep well
and I've
been able to shake it off but it's a
good move it's probably I probably
should get the flu shot and if I got the
flu again maybe I'd be like fuck man I
should've got the flu shot let me just
get that flu shot but I mean whether
it's diet or whether it's um all that
shit I'm on all the different vitamins
and hormones and the fact that I'm in
the fucking sauna for 25 minutes every
day but I rarely get sick it seems like
you would get it more just because
you're around like you know gyms and
saunas and my places where there's a lot
of sweat and the only cooties I've
gotten in the gym and scare me is staff
yeah I've gotten staff a couple of times
that scares me if you're get ringworm
yeah I got that a bunch of times I got
that twice at least maybe three times
which is not that bad
you put lamisil on it stay off the mat
for a little bit and then the products
that I started using prevented or saved
me from that a company called defense
soap yeah that's the shit because it's
all-natural stuff it's all tea tree oil
and eucalyptus oil and it's it's not
antibiotic in that it doesn't kill off
all the good bacteria it just coats your
body with this soap and it's all like
natural it it kills the bad bacteria but
it doesn't kill good bacteria I don't
understand how that works folks but
people have known that forever the tea
tree oil and eucalyptus oil are good for
infections and preventing infection I
use exam I like a yeasty boy I'm very
yeasty are you yeah mmm used infections
I give it I give them you give them out
you're lucky if you like awards yeah but
I've been lucky with diseases
knock on wood but it's uh you know this
is a weird one if you're if you're
compromised you know people that have
lung issues or people that have had like
vaping yeah I think cigarettes and
vaping and I want a weed smoker so
because I know it's always like well you
know it's not good right right yeah it's
like how bad is it for you Tommy Chong
still going I mean I'm gonna he's my
canary in a coal mine or hey cuz Willie
Nelson's out of the game Willie Nelson
moved over to the Edible game 100% yes
he did
take the smoking anymore Wow yeah
smoking was fucking him up so he moved
over to the edible game still fuck's
your lungs and you skipped off making
psychedelic songs at night yeah how many
times not to sing right it's true
singsong so yeah and the just the just a
smoke just a hot smoke apparently the
number of you know joints that that guy
can put away
it's supposed to be terrifying Toby
Keith wrote a song about it I'll never
smoke wolf weakness Willie again he
wrote a song about gettin high with
Willie
like everybody says that you get high
with Willie snip verses Willie hit he
got I got a COO I go with Snoop all day
yeah out of respect but Snoop is such a
G he might lay down he might take a dive
just for Willie so it really feels
better you know it's like true I can win
another day this is Willie Nelson you
know Snoop Dogg might he might take a
dive in that one but if they really
wanted to go head-to-head snoops gonna
be awake for days just still smoking
blunts time not that he can't but I
think he does like snoop fucking tears
down blunts yeah I don't know what what
Willie used to smoke cigarettes right so
I bet he avoids blunts or he loves him I
know a lot of people that quit smoking
they're like no I'm a blunt guy okay we
know what's going on here exactly I know
a guy who used cigars to get off of
cigarettes started smoking cigars and
got his nicotine fix but you know was
felt better because it wasn't inhaling
and just you know you just keep it in
your mouth so your breath stinks and
smell up the place wherever you're at
yeah you don't like cigars no I don't
mind um it I just like when you go to a
place like they say you're the comedy
store front patio and five people are
smoking cigars it's kind of like get me
the fuck out of here yeah that's a
little little dick swing yeah you know
yeah because you're pretty much just
getting younger yeah are you making
people smell you like if you go to what
the best place to go is wallow cigar
bars
yeah cuz there's a bunch of other cigar
dorks in there and you guys can all get
together and apparently is this true our
cigar bars
essential is that one of those essential
businesses that are open I mean
pot shops are can imagine yeah cuz
here's the thing people do get addicted
to tobacco so what do you do about that
do you say hey now's the time to quit
right sorry you can't you can't go
anywhere or do you let them if that's
how they get their tobacco fix do you
let them what do you think I would say
they're non-essential but I mean look at
gun shops man I my studio in Burbank spy
three gun shops I did had no idea but
there's three right next door to me and
there's lines going down the street like
a mile long just to get a gun yeah we
have a 10-day waiting great yeah but
still ten days later you got a gun right
lot of liberals change their fucking
tune I have quite a few friends who
would never consider having a gun I had
a conversation with one of them
yesterday he's like I've never had a gun
in my life never considered a gun I have
a gun now I'm like yeah that's probably
smart yeah yeah better to have it not to
need it than to need it not to have it
right and you know I'm hoping people
come together I'm not hoping this turns
into some crazy shootout in the streets
but I am I'm happy that people
understand why people wanted guns in the
first place you know because these
things can happen and right now nothing
nothing has happened nothing really bad
but we're in a state of chaos and states
of chaos deteriorate or they go away
they don't you know it's not like this
is the new normal I don't think if it's
just like this then great we don't need
any more guns basically you know it's
like you've got a good amount of guns
it's not like everybody needs to go out
and get a gun and never considered it
before but if it gets crazy then you
should have a gun right look if you
don't want to have a gun I don't think
you should have to have a gun but what
are you gonna do if the whole thing
completely falls apart imagine this
scenario how would you feel if there's
only a few people in your neighborhood
with guns and there was people that were
coming in and robbing killing people
because we had gone all Walking Dead
because the power had been off from the
asteroid shower for six months there's
no way to even tell these people are
coming but there's only two people in
your block with guns but there's thirty
houses well what the fuck are you gonna
do you only have two guns and there's 38
that's not good see that's what we were
scared of what people were scared of and
maybe they're wrong but the
peppers right now the ones laughing
their asses off the people with you know
fucking jarred peaches and shit those
people that you see on TV with their own
well they're laughing right now they're
laughing they're hoping it deteriorates
even further cuz they could take over
they could be the king yeah I I wish I
had a gun right now like I I have like a
bunch of fake guns and I think you know
yeah I mean I I'm one of those guys
though that you know I didn't grow up
with guns so they're kind of
intimidating and I feel like I'm
somebody that one night would be wasted
like I make a funny youtube video do
that flash guns on Twitch when I'm
shooting yourself you know it's like
it's just you you know the problem is
you could just buy a gun if you're not a
criminal right if you want to drive a
car you gotta take a test but a car is
not specifically designed to kill
someone it can kill someone accidentally
it's not specifically designed to kill
someone a gun it's specifically designed
to kill and you don't even have to
fucking show you know how to use it
right that's that worries me too because
that line by my house was a lot of
middle aged Karen's you know like like
oh god did they train you they're like I
don't even know the the process it seems
like a should go through like a training
gun course you definitely should and
better not pull a prank on Karen alright
Tara might be locked and loaded on a
teen you know pissing in her carpet
because she's too scared to get up and
she's sure that sound is a serial killer
making its way up her stairs he wants
her cousin coming to check in on that
kind of stuff happens yeah people are
nuts man and you just get a gun if
you're not a criminal you know you'll
have mental health problems you could
just get a gun and you definitely should
know how to use it and it's just there's
two schools of thought the Texas School
thought is a well armed society as a
polite society and guess what they're
right in a lot of ways that's right to
another school taught is wouldn't it be
great if no one had a gun and you never
had to worry about getting shot yup yup
that's good too
also wouldn't it be great if the
government was awesome and he knew they
would never turn tyrannical on you yeah
that'd be good yeah they'll be good but
that's not true right because the
government's made it a people and look
at China you know what what's happening
in China happening here right we all
agree to that we don't want to live
another military dictatorship I don't
care how good it looks
that sounds terrible for us we don't
want that so we know that's real it's
happening right now
other people trapped in a country they
can't even use a real internet right
they can't even they can't even get on
Twitter they can't get on Facebook Bryan
Callen did a movie there they took his
phone away they gave him a new phone
with Chinese social media on it like you
could use this is it they wouldn't let
him on Twitter you couldn't go on
Instagram yeah it needs a VPN you can't
work it doesn't work the blocking do
they block everything over there
apparently was some VPNs work in Hong
Kong but Hong Kong's not you know it's
sort of a different situation than
mainland China bro it's it's weird that
people can live the way those Chinese
people are under the fist of a
government that like pulls people out of
stir did you see those people that got
dragged away cuz they tested positive
for Corona where's where are those
people going you know landfill yeah
that's happening at the same time as us
as we have so much freedom the people
are like looking for shit to get upset
about
you know like taking some of Trump and
Trump no doubt has said ridiculous shit
that's not my point is not it's not that
he's infallible and he's always right
it's that you're wasting time playing
gotcha with the President of the United
States in the middle of a pandemic like
why you know yeah he's gonna say dumb
shit get used to it but don't don't harp
on that let's figure out what the fuck
needs to be done that's what we need to
figure out and I don't think anybody
knows you know they're waiting in New
York for it to peak and so that's why
they wanted all those ventilators and
they're gonna set up they're gonna set
up some things in parks and shit in the
Javits Center apparently they're going
to set up some sort of a temporary
hospital unit this is crazy
it's really cool saying all the
manufacturing plans like Tesla and stuff
making ventilators and converting their
factories to make handsome yes and stuff
like that people who know how to make
masks and shit yeah training Marisa I
Shorty's like brother a friend or D from
calmly said yeah yeah I think was Jordi
his brother is one printing out the mass
there's quite a few companies that are
doing that that's very cool
yeah yeah it's um ooh bro weird times to
put it mildly right yeah nothing feels
normal you wake up in the morning like
how am I supposed to feel wake up in the
morning we talk I mean I think now it's
like I go tomorrow Mike okay nothing to
do tomorrow at all well I guess I could
just stay up all night and you know go
to sleep when I want to leo now you I
went to bed at like 9:00 in the morning
it's like fer all night and ate
mushrooms like right now eating
mushrooms is a little too crazy though I
wish like halfway through I was like
this is like I'm that where you're going
and thinking you know it was a little
rough we just have to know that this now
we know that this can happen now we know
we didn't know we we weren't getting all
the information but just the things that
also are deadly that also affect so many
people like that list that I read off is
that right saying that shit I read right
what do you think it seems like it would
be I mean nowadays like you get all
these like doctor lists on Facebook you
never know what's real and what this is
from a friend of mine who's a legitimate
doctor is that correct
those numbers correct we should probably
say let's uh let's google the numbers
again so what did I say would start off
with the first one the first one was
Michael yell apparently put out a video
today oh yeah he's back okay let's look
at this one the 2017 to 2018 H two and
three virus pandemic that killed 61
thousand looking that up the hardest
part with that right now is those
numbers have been accumulated over a
year plus and we only have had a month
sure every day yeah I mean that even
says 2017 2018
over a year it killed 61 thousand people
now the other one was the big one at the
end the flu for this year for 20 20
cases reported 45 million
hospitalizations 415 thousand deaths
48,000 that's worldwide no it's the
United States oh really
yeah Wow I know that's what I'm saying I
haven't even heard about the flu this
year but that's the thing it's like it's
not sexy because it happens every right
you know it's like the sky monster if
this guy monster never appeared before
and then one day the first tornado hit
and tore apart Nashville we'd be like
what in the fuck is God's mad at us
right that's how they used to feel back
in this just one person's case I read
rumor last week I read someone that got
tested for the flu and they tested
positive and then weeks later got tested
for the Cova 19 and then tested positive
for that but they weren't tested for
kovat at the time they're tested for the
flu because they didn't have a test
Brian so there could be a lot of people
that tested positive for the flu maybe
that sure never had a kovat 19 test yeah
could be yeah I mean do they mean I
guess it depends on whether or not they
have the test available in different
places - right
I'm just not reading - there's a new
test I just got just made today that's
good faster results oh yeah yeah there's
a five-minute test like it's like a Easy
Bake Oven of testing Jamie what are we
gonna do if you test positive oh yeah I
don't know yeah you're in contact bro I
already have it then I mean I could
because I'm testing positive doesn't
mean right could be yes it means you're
out there spreading it carrier get out
of here don't pet my dog fuck oh oh
that's too late I didn't even think of
that
I don't did they set the email out what
was yesterday Saturday I guess so like
it's too late did that when the fuck did
they get it right when they got it to
the hospital and called them are moving
instead hey you might wanna let
everybody know you washing your hands a
lot you guys doing the whole thing oh
yeah I'm washing the shit out of my
hands my hands are anointed me to ride
like I'm lucky I got some hand sanitizer
like Oh
before the yeah the grapes right before
it happened to crash I was opening up
for Tom Green in San Diego and Tom
Green was the first person that I knew
that was kind of like panicking a little
like he looks like I just bought a crate
of Lysol mini Lysol and he was spraying
the microphone down onstage and like and
I was like he's taking a little
overboard literally like a week later
everyone's doing that Tom Green ahead of
the curve yeah yeah fuck it's a it's
spooky dude who was it that had a friend
was it Tom papa whose friend was warning
him long in advance
no it wasn't Tom papa it was Bert
Kreischer Bert Kreischer had a friend
who was warning him way in advance
listen you need to isolate you need to
get your family out he was like what was
Bert right yeah sure doc you're just you
need to isolate quickly get away from
everybody because it's gonna spread
right through America it was like what
and this was apparently in February he
was like this lady's crazy Wow
and then he texted her like in the
beginning of March when it was on and
poppin he's like you're right my point
about showing those numbers was not to
diminish the impact of this current
pandemic it was just to highlight the
fact that we live in a war zone we live
in a virus war zone that takes out
thousands of people every year in this
country and I don't think most of us are
really keeping our eye on that you know
like you hear about deaths by the flu
and you know they're never there never
shocking deaths by some new thing for
some reason even if it's the same number
of deaths or less even right so far less
freaked us the fuck out you think it's
happening more though like if you go on
TMZ is like somebody dies every day like
this old you know philosopher or this
old poet or this whole musician and it's
like you never heard that in the past
like oh he died of the flu that guy died
of flu that guy died of flu here we go
Jimmy just pulled some up a total of 19
thousand 543 laboratory confirmed
influenza associated hospitalizations
were reported blah by flu serve - net
sites between October 2019 and March 21
20 2014 one hundred seventy two point
one percent were associated with info
a virus what's that it's like 14,000
14,000 what did I say 41 oh whoops
one of my dyslexic influence okay five
thousand three hundred thirty-five 27.3%
with influenza B that's true too right
if you get an influenza a shot and yet
it's influenza B you might catch it
anyway that's annoying so that's a lot
of people right so we got nineteen
thousand five hundred and five thousand
three hundred and four thousand fourteen
thousand one hundred you know my theory
is that you're you you're born sucking
your thumb you're supposed to suck your
thumb your whole life and it was
supposed to keep your immune system
strong so that it would fight all this
look at the hospitalization rate was
sixty seven point three percent per no
67.3% seasons except for the 2017-2018
season rates in children zero to four
years old in adults 18 to 49 are now the
highest CDC has on record for these age
groups surpassing the rate reported
during the 2009 h1n1 pandemic
hospitalization rates for school-aged
children are higher than any recent
regular season but lower than rates
during the pandemic what so what
happened in 2009 when the h1n1 kicked in
and killed all those people they didn't
shut anything down when I think what
I've been hearing is like after a
thousand people died is when things
started changing and I don't I don't
really remember what was changing back
then I don't either
do you remember know if you talk to bird
again it's bird had it he had the h1n1
he did yeah he did yeah he said there's
the sickest he's ever been in his life
and it was 2009 when it was all going
down and he said he couldn't sleep
he was so uncomfortable he was in just
constant pain and aching said never
never felt sicker ever in his life and
that killed a lot of people I had a flu
like that before where you know you're
just puking shit and you can't hold
anything in you're sweating you're
waking up you know does that 2009 I
don't think it was I feel like it was
like five years ago or something like
six years ago get you they can get you I
hope another thing that comes out of
here is people take their fucking immune
system more severe
seriously support your immune system you
know I mean if this makes a bit just a
little shift in the number of people
that get healthy little shift the number
a number of people that start taking
vitamins and exercising and you know
just do something man something put a
heavy backpack on go for a walk do
something listen to a podcast oh I'm
listening to this Aaron Hernandez
podcast oh wondering has this podcast
called gladiator about Aaron Hernandez
holy shit first of all it's a great
podcast you ever listen to wondering
mm-hm they know what they're doing man
they it's like really good editing and
sound editing and they they put depth to
it with all these different sound
effects and stuff and different just
different people's interviews and
discussions people that knew Aaron
Hernandez what holy fuck what a crazy
story
did you like you watched the tiger thing
RV's i have only watched one part of one
episode okay I'm saving the fries I know
I went through all episodes in one
sitting last night and I have gone down
so many Tiger rabbit holes I'm terrified
to start another one you remember I have
that whole bit that I had about Texas
and tigers from triggered dude I went on
a rabbit hole of tiger owners and people
that owned tigers in their backyard
loved it like you loved the Wild West
it's like yeah I know
no but you got to see this it's every
person and there's so many twists and
turns you're like this is not real life
this is not didn't happen like but it
did yeah yeah listen I have all the
faith in the world that white trash
people could be unbelievable yeah but so
much more to it that's like insane that
we haven't heard of this guy before like
I don't like I know right
okay he also had an internet show for
during all this like an Alex Jones type
internet show I feel like I would have
seen it cuz they snail it was like Joe
TV and I'm like of course back in the
show exotic to you yeah yeah now did he
have it on YouTube or they don't have it
on Ustream back in the day like we did
that's what I'm saying like how did we
not see this nicely wrong but uh yeah I
didn't care that much back then about
people living with tires
shakeela Niles an 11 Louis you might
have already seen some of the stuff and
not know it's the room he did a
documentary with Joe exotic Oh
did Joe exotic have his legs back then
or no Joe had his legs the whole time I
was one of the guys that worked for ya
lost his legs but yeah oh he does the
whole hour long like old documentary
with him oh no shit yeah I'd like to see
that yeah I got obsessed with him last
night I just you know added him on
Instagram looking back at all the photos
and Louie throws that shit his
documentaries are so good he's
absolutely one of my favorite because
he's got this style of talking to people
that eventually annoys them in to yell
at him whether it's whether it's the
Westboro Baptist Church or my favorite
one was this he was at this wild game
park in Africa where people go over
there and like shoot rhinos and you know
they pay X amount for that and why I'm
out for this and he interviews these
people in these wild game parks and he
stays there for like three weeks and
eventually just annoys this guy to the
point where the guy snaps and his just
ran about Africa about the only way that
these animals are ever gonna survive is
if they're worth something he's like
Africa he's fucked the way we saying it
to him was like this really intense
speech that he gave to through like all
the Roos annoying him for all those days
and standing by him this so you were
about to feed the tiger it wasn't Tigers
but he had lions and they were throwing
they like a dead cow and they threw it
over whether it was throwing these
chunks over the fence and these lions
would just tear it apart and I'm like oh
my god and he's there standing there
watching us through like two fences with
then there's a pickup truck and you look
in these things eyes they look fucking
ferocious and so angry they look so
angry that during that cage and so angry
that they they have to get their food
this way and he was just the pastor in
this dude pastoring them it's it's great
it's one of my favorite documentaries
ever on how perplexing that situation is
in Africa they have more animals there
than ever like all their different
animals that were on the verge of
extinction are now thriving but the
driving because they're valuable and
people go over there shoot them so it's
like Oh whoo what do you make of that
that's people that's people we're so
messy like we never do anything like
like these animals were on the verge of
extinction but now due to the generous
donations of the millions of people in
the world these animals are healthy and
they're they're thriving and numbers
greater than we've ever seen before we
could just go out in a car and watch
these lions take out these gazelles
there's no way they'd pay for it that
way for if you want if you want to make
real money you got to make it valuable
for people to go over there and shoot
those things and eat them
that's just focus it's kind of crazy
because it's the only way that it works
like we're so selfish but on the other
hand I heard kudu meat is delicious
really yeah I heard it's the best if you
want to go shoot a kudu you go over
there with your friends enjoy a nice
hump nice cooked meals it's cool ooh
everywhere you go out you shoot one take
a picture with it anyway - good time in
Africa you eat it yeah we hate it was
awesome brought a bunch of it back froze
it I mean you're eating burgers anyway
isn't it better to just go out there and
shoot a kudu with a rifle and have a
crazy story behind it and a memory that
you'll never forget and also a respect
but we don't think about it that way we
think god damn it they're only worth
something if you shoot at them it would
be nice it was both
maybe there's competing conservation
efforts like one conservation effort
like the people that want no animals
getting shot look you guys can have this
ranch let's see how you do and then the
people that want to pay to shoot animals
have the other ranch now that ranch has
a fuckload of money how one's gonna do
better the one that operates on
donations are the one where people fly
from Cincinnati to shoot a COO oh I bet
the one where they fly and they pay to
shoot a kudu I bet that one does better
live similarities with this tiger maybe
man well Texas doesn't mean it's another
place where Texas is like they don't
give a fuck that's a that's a whole
different kind of America
remember Ohio when we they had to change
that law and I think with Zanesville
where the guy yeah he let all his
animals out and sighs yeah yeah we
watched that we watched clips of that in
the Joe exotic that the tiger king when
you see the beginning of it that's
really disturbing you see all those
animals those cops had a shoot yeah
virtual reality hunting it's probably
gonna be the future act did you ever see
Tyson when he's explaining to me what
why he got a tiger yeah I love Tyson man
have you been listening to his podcast
he's great he's he's great he's so
genuine he's so genuine look that's what
we all want you know whether we agree
with you or not agree with you we want
you to be there for real like maybe
you're making mistakes maybe you're
looking at things the wrong way but I
want you to I can't listen unless I know
that you're really there Mike Tyson is
really there when he's talking about
anything he's not bullshitting you he's
not an actor putting on a facade he's
he's Mike Tyson and there's something
about that man that especially in like
these fucked up times where everything
is confusing it's very refreshing to see
someone's authentic take on the world
and be honest about their journey in
life and whose journey in life has been
more strange and out of the ordinary and
spectacular than Mike fucking Tyson I
mean Mike Tyson has had one of the most
extraordinary lives a human being has
ever had ever you know some people they
might try to diminish that in some way
because he's had some run-ins with the
law or because of the nature of the way
he became famous by being the most
violent man on the planet the the you
know the best heavyweight boxer of his
era but he to get to be someone like he
is you have to have some extraordinary
horsepower inside your will like your
will is a supercharged engine there's
something about that guys will in his
mind he might not be the the most
articulate most well-read most studied
man
on earth he's not that but he's
extraordinary
he you have to be extraordinary to do
what he did
there's no way around it he it was so
much better than anybody else when he
was coming up and you could only
maintain that kind of power and that
that kind of ferocity for a certain
amount of time I feel like a person at
that kind of pace that he was at you
can't really maintain that very long he
was such a destroyer but he go back and
watch him knocking out Michael Spinks
and knocking out Marvis Frazier and just
smashing Larry Holmes when Larry Holmes
was still I think Larry Holmes was in 30
s he was still I mean wasn't in his
prime but he was still Larry fucking
Holmes he smashed everybody and missed
those days of like watching TV they old
Tyson fights I was like a Super Bowl
every time like you know just getting
right it was a family affair you know
the family I know everyone would get
together so you'd get mad if he was
gonna fight someone who's gonna be like
15 seconds like fucking Bruce Seldon
come on man
you get mad just a little clip of them
before the fury wild or fight meet Chad
Johnson in the back of the arena oh no
shit and all right watch what the
interaction with why this win it big is
because the interaction when you notice
is the cameraman behind Chad Johnson
yeah we gonna get pulled I'm not gonna
play the whole thing on it's only like
10 seconds okay it went pretty viral
what went viral about watch here we go
would you deal with that phone Oh how
would you not shit your pants yeah Mike
Tyson is tired of people filming him I I
found him to be very sincere I really
enjoy his company like I enjoyed talking
to him before the show it was it's kind
of surreal I met him at the common
excuse me at the UFC I met him at UFC a
few years back I got a photo with him
and he's like you that dude who smokes
all that weed man Mike Tyson knowing who
I was was just strange him wearing that
bikers jacket the old black classic yeah
like that looks cool back yeah he's an
interesting guy man for sure I like I
love that he's got his podcasts he was
gonna he'd they asked me to be on it
through Skype I'm just gonna wait I want
to be their person man where's he
recorded wait till that shit blows over
and then I'll go visit he's ok he's
great man yeah he's um he's he's getting
really good at this him and Eminem oh
shit yeah yeah yeah very interesting mm
get a black beard what happened he died
everything his face hair I don't think
he had face no I think he bleached his
hair when it was blond
right is that what it is yeah so that's
his real hair color yeah dad are you
okay he probably does it I do put a
little just four men on it and the beard
yeah that shit can fuck your face up man
I did a rabbit hole one day on the just
for men and I saw this guy that his face
burned
yeah a like burns like chemical burns on
his face from maybe it wasn't just
remember some kind of hair dye proud
well find out you gotta wash it out yeah
just for men well he wanted it really
dark oh yeah he wanted to really freak
people out
see but Google like hair dye face burn
shaming it's fucking chemical man shave
my head last night because it George
Greg Fitzsimmons Mannion like Greg when
he got rid of the sides I needed a
haircut
I might there's gonna be a month till I
get a haircut yeah there's something
about the sides that hold you back if
you're bald male besides I was she doing
a lot of ass and I just sort of thinking
about this you're supposed to like
test hair dye on your skin just to make
sure you don't have any sort of bad
reactions to bro who's reading that
dude's all read when I bleached my hair
you know I used to bleach my hair like
once a year it would there be burns
there'd be scabs in my hair I would just
peel scales because it just fried my
head well they said that there's a link
that they're exploring between women
dyeing their hair and breast cancer have
you read this yeah there's always a link
that's a scary link though man but if
you think about if a woman is dying or
hair on a regular basis how often the
chicks dye their hair every two months
it's gray imagine if you take in poison
every two months because your skin is
you know the dermis of your skin the
epidermis your skin absorbs all kinds of
stuff I mean your skin absorbs magnesium
through the float tank this one says
it's for permanent hair dye and chemical
hair straighteners so it's not quite the
same as like what most people use most
people use like a sim what is what is
for permanent hair dye the researchers
say women use permanent hair dye and
chemical have a chemical hair
straighteners have a higher risk for
breast oh okay so it's not the temporary
hair dye that most gals get right so all
these chicks going great need to cut it
out I'd like it if you pretend you're
not aging please yeah go back what would
you rather have though woman had long
gray hair or just shaved her head I
don't listen man answers question
however experts say women shouldn't give
up hair products based on this study
alone what experts say will fucking I
hate when they say that
experts say who experts in what well I'm
really good at Parcheesi yeah I don't
know anybody man I'm going Eddie Bravo
on this bitch they're all lying liars
they're all in bed with the fucking dye
company um for chicks the head shave is
a scary move yeah it's a scary move that
off this I'm gangster gals have done
that during isolation they've they've
shaved their fucking heads gone with the
crew cuts are wearing wigs girls can
wear wigs man yeah yeah girls wear wigs
nope nope I got a pretty good
girls can do whatever they want we'll
still fuck them imagine if guys at fake
tits girls be like what are you doing
cuz he didn't even real muscles they're
way more picky than we are
you know if they have fake boobs were
like awesome we don't even care if
they're fake
we know they're fake it means nothing
it's not like we need to be tricked
we're so stupid we like the fact that
they look fake as fuck it's like there's
a shape burned into our DNA and that
shape is plumped tits and whatever you
need to do to get to that but if a guy
had some plastic rod in his cock that
that stretched it out and made it harder
if women found out about that they'd be
like mmhmm yeah dudes are not allowed to
have fake hogs today like any did what a
woman prefer anything fake on a guy hmm
do they like anything that anything at
all I'm sure some women yeah tensions
BAM they want you to pretend they want
you to pretend you give a fuck about
their dumb stories you gotta sit there
oh and then she said that huh
that's what some women like not and some
women don't even like that see can't
generalize don't be a sexist pig Jaime
you say something so sexist
that's there's dudes that'll do that
let's go you're right under the bus be
very careful of those people very
careful of those gender traitors those
guys who they know you're fucking around
they'll throw you in front of the bus
right in front of the ladies why will
they do that because they're weak cunts
and there's a lot of them out there and
those are the ones that don't have guns
I bet right now those are the ones those
are the ones that aren't 13th in line
the gun store and it's 10:00 to 5:00 and
they know they're not gonna make it fuck
did they close them does it say another
24 hours to give away guns they drop
them out of helicopters through the roof
and then they just distribute them
evenly they were supposed to close them
and then they didn't in Burbank and then
they said they were going to just raid
the place if they don't close them and
then I think Trump just decided yes sir
two days ago that it's consensual yes
yeah essential essential can I have a
piece stole up but Burbank Police are
like we're not even going to like mess
with this we don't we don't care anybody
for anything yeah we're over here just
let us know if shit gets really crazy
Mad Max you play the new doom yet oh my
god it's scary I was a little
disappointed that they didn't have
deathmatch they didn't have one-on-one
deathmatch no no they don't have like
you versus a bunch of people in a room
just killing each other
I thought they had that no right they
don't right you have to it's like to
working again I hope they'll come to
their senses okay could be a
downloadable content Lee I just got the
new half-life and you were a big and a
half life back in the day right yeah
herds in VR now Mike shit you go to VR I
got in VR and I got the hand finger
tracking all my so I can sit there and
pick out like a singer single bullet and
put it you know like type shit it is he
it it's so gloves you have gloves it's
no it's just like these slip over the
controllers yeah it's yeah and what's
weird is that it's I got the vibe index
which is like the highest end one you
can get I and it's so real that it's
like the first time where I felt like I
was in a room before it's always like
I'm in a room in VR now this was like
this is too realistic like there was a
part where I had to open this old
elevator I'm like I'm not walking I mean
it's it's it's amazing both nodding very
vigorous no it's it's like it's so real
that I couldn't it was too scared to
walk in the elevators elevators well I'm
hoping that doom does that and then look
at the did what we did see a doom looks
fucking amazing
it looks amazing I mean the fucking
graphics are off the chart the gameplay
looks really cool the weapons look
fucking totally badass but if they did
that in VR oh my god do you have it dude
they did doom eternal in VR and you you
put it you put that bitch in a warehouse
mhm and you run through the game in a
couple hours
too much towers you would burn the world
would be ripped we get people in
such good shape because you had
something like doom right and you're in
a warehouse like like I told you they do
with sandbox sandbox has a bunch of dope
games like that but they don't have
anything that goes on for like three
hours all right look if there was a
place where you could go we could get
blocks at time like a reserved you know
warehouse for from nine to twelve and
it's you and like five friends and you
have three fucking hours three hours
with fake guns and resources and you
drink real water and you're wandering
around this warehouse do you got to try
half light but if they had a virtual
toilet you don't even take your VR off
to piss you walk up to it so it's a real
toilet they have these suits now you can
see yeah that bee suits now you could
buy that you put on that vibrate so you
feel things and like it could be like in
a game and you could feel water like
like water drops hit you and stuff and
they have all these trackers now that
you could put and you do that with do I
mean with you could almost do to any
game if you know what you're doing
that's a promise it's a lot of PC shit
involved with having VR you know like I
wanted like the the vibe I think it's
called words you don't have any PC you
just put it on you know that's the
future because you know but right now
you still have to hook it up to a nice
PC dude we got oculus and on one of the
oculus ones it's the the one that's
really dope because it's just a headset
and it works off of an iPad right and
the one will you walk the plank but this
the the new stuff like I've
unfortunately still have cameras
everywhere tracking but like you go lay
down in it and my kid knows it like if
you see something to lean in pick
something out your your you know it's
room scale so you're walking yeah this
is future the future is you're not gonna
have a life you're gonna get sucked into
those things and you're gonna be playing
them all day long cuz it's gonna be way
better than life you're gonna be working
your shit job at the Amazon warehouse
can't wait to go home and you're gonna
get home strap that fuckin headset on
and party when you're trapped inside it
gives you more space to explore what it
is like probably a little bit of a
mental escape well I think this is also
gonna open up a lot true
I think in the future a lot more people
are going to be using like video
conferencing and stuff instead of
meetings because we realize how wait
better this is the instead of meeting
and getting you know going to this
business and working you can just sit
there and talk nowadays I don't know why
people don't Skype more or use this you
know technology that's well I think
people want to go outside and experience
life and still want to meet in a
building to work together I think people
still like that you think this is going
to change anything like that yeah how
long is it gonna be before you can just
hug a stranger college is gonna change
because like oh man they're learning
right now they're like wow what the fuck
was I going down everyone's gonna be so
scared concerts but meanwhile the last
big concert that I saw was um who the
fuck was it in Denver they got in
trouble always tired
this weed is too strong I just had four
extra hits for some strange reason he
did a show in Denver he was like one of
the last ones to do and I was looking
out it was like you know 18,000 people
or some shit the Pepsi Center I looked
out there my wow it's a lot of people
that could get it mm-hmm all those
spring breakers stacked on top of each
other after that like awesome one made
they use some computer program to track
cell phone data and they showed all
these people like on a little teeny part
of Fort Lauderdale Beach over like a
two-day period and then watched their
cell phones dispersed across the country
and see where the fucking took off
everywhere not about everyone there had
a disease they're all stupid they're all
young they're all infected with young
yeah I didn't see that but I'm not
surprised
what's weird like April 1st is like you
know when this first shit's first
started happening I think II like the
comedy story like we're gonna be closed
until around April 1st you know now
that's not gonna happen it might be May
I think the governor said he wants two
months right yeah
do you say two months from now or two
months total I don't know two months
from now I think it's from now from now
yeah so June
fuck I don't understand like if you were
like a waiter I know when I was a waiter
for 10 years I went paycheck to paycheck
you know if I real problem is
unemployment yeah they were I mean they
have to be honest too about the tips and
these are all their cell phones yes this
is a zooming in on up like they combined
two datasets to show like this is like
what companies actually used for
tracking advertising stuff normally but
this companies tried to show how fast
shit can spread so they're showing a
little heat map of cellphones on a
little piece of beach here in Florida
and then they take all of those data
points and then he he makes the time
line go ahead a couple days and you just
watch them spread from there so it's not
even that many of them it's probably a
couple thousand they had said was 6,000
of them are 5500 of them maybe and then
he just flips maislos timeline go ahead
a little bit and those that want to see
this you can look up a twitter account
called tectonics GE o half the country
Wow you know what's also crazy it really
is a cell phone because the cell phones
so dirty
who cleans their cell phone you touch
your ass you touch your cell phone you
touch your dick you touch your cell
phone you touch your nose you touch
yourself all you put yourself on the
table or someone else's cell phone was
you put yourself only in your pocket you
fart on it P cell phone in your car your
car's disgusting I mean and even what's
dirty I know that like if I have
something crunchy on my screen it's not
like I'm clean I'm just like out he's my
annoying scratch it off there I'm not
washing my cell phone but I'm gonna
start washing it one thing good is I got
iPhone 11 its IP 68 mmm-hmm so if you
don't have a phone do you have the green
one I'll bring them in I have three
Windex specifically for electronics
wipes to get that phone cleaner I got
man yeah maybe that's a move everybody
puts their phone in a heater from
microwave ur what is it what kind of
light is it ultraviolet
it's like same as that thing yeah yeah
where does that kill their DNA that
seems really malicious why don't we just
want to replace our light bulbs with
these lights and dude
well some guy was saying that we should
carry around these ozone things if you
there's a thing that deer hunters have
been using forever and it's a ozone
spray so you stand there and this ozone
bath washes over you so even if deer are
coming up wind alright so they're
walking into the wind and your smell is
blowing in their face your smell is
covered by this ozone ozone spray that's
what stoners we used to buy from water
beds and stuff and sprayed and they like
rental cars after exact that was real
zone but that was the name yeah but real
ozone it actually does on some levels
mask your scent so you can see a deer
smell it they get confused like because
if a deer smell you they just get the
fuck out we stink - deer that's the
number one tool that they have to get
away from humans is smell because they
don't see you from like 500 yards away
they don't pay they're not you're not an
immediate threat you're all the way over
there you move in they might what does
that leave the fuck out of here but
they're they're generally confident that
at five hundred yards away from you they
can kind of get away from you quick
enough but if you're close to them and
they smell you they fucking run they run
dude they're run like if you're in that
close meaning realistically they could
smell you a couple hundred yards three
hundred yards the wind comes to them it
catches them they see it they just start
bouncing away they run away we stink we
smell like meat we smell like something
that eats meat and we smell like a
predator we smoke grouse so they're like
fuck imagine someone you can smell the
way you smell skunk have you smelled a
person like over the top of the hill
like a wind gust you smell that fuck we
got to get out of here that's what it's
like to them it's like if skunks were
murderous animals looking to shoot at
you or being in India in India why is
that you could smell it people in India
[Laughter]
it's you see in India where they're
attacking them if you're in the streets
they're just like beating the shit out
of it like the police there's a bunch of
different countries that are gonna do
that yeah
the Chinaman was the scariest when the
dragon those people away I was like what
is going on
I guess there's photos of like outside
of our hospitals here in Los Angeles of
just semis filled with bodies I somebody
posted the other day well how many
people have died in Los Angeles uh not
that much so I don't know I'm sure they
weren't caskets I think it's because
they're they have to because they have
the virus and they died of the virus
they have to keep them like separate
from like regular what's your take on
this
give me the Brian Redman take when do we
get out of this
I think it's we're in it for a lot
longer than we think I think like a good
two more months maybe Max and I think we
are okay I think this is just fucking
weird do you think I think there's a lot
of depression issues I know a lot of
people if I was single right now I would
not just take this disturbing video
shows dead bodies loaded onto truck
outside New York City hospitals yeah but
here's here's my question are they gone
what if the flu next year is
particularly vicious are we gonna do
this all over again
this is the question like this could
come back in the fall that dr. Fauci
guys saying yeah and how long are they
saying on the cure well they don't even
think they can come up with a vaccine
for 16 to 18 months right as I said cuz
of how they do the tests I think they
said 18 months it's like they're hopeful
for a year and a half can't they do like
what China did when they built those
hospitals get like every single person
in the world together and be like let's
all figure this out in a month I don't
know if they can I know everyone's
donating their computer processing power
right now to get try to find a cure for
it I've never you saw that there's a
where you know where you could install
that thing on your computer and so when
you're not using it it's using your
computer to help you know cloud which is
like find a thing and I want you know
wonder if everyone did that well I mean
if they they need to do clinical trials
have clinical trials take time so if
they do this chloroquine stuff or some
other things that they come up with they
have to try them on animals they have to
figure out whether or not
would work on people and then they have
to try it on people well this is a whole
process that they have to go through
it's not like there's some miracle that
they're holding back on that's what's so
scary about this shit when we were at
the CDC in Galveston Texas Duncan and I
went down there and I think it's the
Center for Disease Control he knows
what's called this building where they
house everything that would kill you
Ebola all kinds of shit it'll just kill
everybody in this big-ass building with
super thick walls and vacuum they were
explaining how they suck all the air out
of the room with they have vacuum hoses
and these guys are built like you know
they have these suits they're built like
astronaut suits like they're on the moon
and it's crazy protection that they have
and then they're working with these
viruses and these deadly diseases I'm
like oh my god so terrifying talking to
him me and Duncan both freaked out
because at first we were thinking what
if Russia came up with some kind of
crazy disease and turned it on the world
you know we were scared of that like
what about weaponized viruses what about
that and they were like yeah yeah that
can happen but you know what's happening
all the time
new viruses they're like we're what
we're really scared of is shit like the
Spanish flu or h1n1 or all these
different flus that just show up and
wipe out people in a different way like
the Spanish flu particularly killed
young men like really healthy men with
really good immune systems for whatever
reason those are the ones that got
jacked a lot of them it was a good weird
like this one kind of for it's not as
bad for young people but it's much worse
for old people right some some of them
very some of them are really bad for
young be a some of it's random yeah and
those he was really scared of that he
was like this is what we're concerned
about we're concerned about nature
itself we're not concerned about people
making some sort of a weaponized virus
he's like that would be terrible but
what we're concerned with is what's
happening all the time these viruses are
mutating and morphing and changing and
becoming more powerful and resistant to
antibiotics and like whoa burrow he
scared the shit out of both of us we
walked out of there more like man just
made us realize like
oh this just hasn't happened in our
lifetime like you know in a way that's
we're confronted with it until now you
know now it's happening there's some new
thing that we don't have a cure for you
know and then you add Internet and
social media to that and then it's just
panic oh no you're not just seeing the
news and there's value in it if you
freak people out they'll click on links
if they click on the links you get all
the ad revenue if you're writing some
sensationalist story that's real click
Beatty with a click Beatty title people
jump to it and then you get those ad
click so you're encouraged to make these
sensationalist stories that are
interesting to read and I'm as guilty as
anybody if I see something ridiculous
I'm like what what are you saying what
what did she do
where'd she get that money uh-huh and
I'll go click on 2 and then when I'm
disappointed I'm like oh how many people
read the whole thing you know yeah I've
read something the other day it was I
think what's clickbait and not real
about how math might mean that he
probably is always joke about how
there's no one there's like a math
proponent like a weed proponent because
this fucking people try to evangelize
with weed right yeah
Oh tons yeah and mushrooms oh yeah all
of us do but you have something that you
you think it's spectacular you want
other people to try it we were like does
anybody do with that with meth do you
know it's like dude you want to clean
your fucking apartment
yeah there's cokeheads that that doesn't
seem as bad in that case there is
medical purposes for cocaine but yet
there's nothing for Beth what well there
is I was pretty close if you'd called
meth adderall then definitely have dude
adderall is real close to meth and I
know multiple people that have a real
issue with that stuff some of them would
have completely lost their mind the
adderall is like any other thing where
your perturbing your natural state all
the time
like your balance gets off you don't
know where you are you don't know what
you're doing you don't know what you're
saying you're saying things and
realizing that you said them after you
set them you're talking constantly like
you know what happens to those fucking
adderall heads they get real weird they
get real weird they get angry at people
that did nothing to them
they think there's conspiracies you
think there's helicopters flying around
looking for him they get messy they get
real messy especially if they're abusing
it and most most are it seems taking off
label a lot of them are just taking it
recreationally they're just taking it
because they they want to one a little
juice and cooties probably don't reach
your hands in there it's a pretty good
dose oh the shit twenty-five milligrams
of CBD and each one of them super
addicting go Tango kill cliff yeah this
is the new this is the new flavor the
Mango Tango flavor sweet new ones I like
mango and things but you don't like raw
mango did I always get feels it feels
like like new carpet like chemical taste
see that's just cuz you smoke
is that why murdered your taste buds
mangoes delicious mmm how often you
smoke cigarettes though not much I mean
this jewel is my favorite thing ever
don't put that back your glass I might
drink that oh shit he's like no like
these jewels I mean I got I got really
into the jewels and it seems you know I
used to when I smoked I would wake up in
the morning and like breathe like I
could just feel the cigarette in my
lungs and like I don't have that anymore
but I also notice I suck on this thing
all day like it's a lollipop you know
and that cannot be good well I found out
from Adam Curry what the fucking lowdown
is Adam Curry you know the original guy
who came up with podcasting yes he's the
the Mac
the og he's like our Lucy like Lucy that
that was that was that fake was Lucy
faked Lucy do you know what I'm talking
about Lucy's the first fossil of mankind
humankind a woman that they found who's
like one of the the first recognizable
Homo sapiens I think or one of our
ancestors one of the first recognizable
ancestors but someone said that there's
something faked about it that there was
a recent controversy and I didn't look
into it but I'm remembering it right now
was Adam before Leo remembered Leo well
he was on that show well Leo was on that
show
I fucking love that show no that was my
super nerd days to when I was those the
days when I was actually making
computers you know I would go and buy
all the parts and put computers together
and shit I loved that show but Adam
started his shit I mean he gave us the
whole timeline on the show but it's
super clear he's the first he if he
wasn't the first he's there for the
first that survived it's still around
today for sure right he preceded us by
many years yeah but he was he had an
idea to do this shit back when he was on
MTV he just happened to be beautiful
he's like a super long flirty guy who
just happened to be beautiful when he
was young you know because you could
kind of dismiss him as being a pretty
boy but he's a genius brilliant guy and
a really really Doug talking to him like
he's really cool you would like him to
man yes super cool and super fucking
smart and super tuned in to all aspects
of privacy in the internet and you know
he's telling us about phones that are
that are they're making these new phones
they're Linux based phones that are
completely private they don't send any
data to anywhere he's into that kind of
shit he's into those laptops that
Snowden uses that have kill switches on
them so you can kill the microphone and
kill the like with an actual physical
switch kill the webcam yeah I like all
those hold MTV like Matt Pinfield
remember him the guy did headbangers
ball oh yeah that bald guy and like all
those old MTV get we grew up with it
those were our DJ's our video DJ's you
know
remember Kennedy yeah she's a Fox News
Republican shit yeah sexy glass looks
great she looks really good considering
how long she's been on television for
you know I mean she's got to be at least
my definitely looks better than puck
right I haven't seen that before he had
a rough go of it yeah what Kennedy is on
she's still on MTV right I mean on I
mean on Fox News right was she's not
anymore she get in trouble no no virus
programming it's oh it's all webcams and
shit they're all gonna just give up and
start doing podcast they're gonna
realize you fucked up that all that Fox
News stuff and with all that all that
being in a studio come on news is so
stupid like I love how they're sitting
farther apart but they're like sitting
like 10 feet away like you're all right
come on
you're not social distance and
responsibly their local NBC channel like
they're all over at somebody's house and
you could tell us the same house because
it's the same lighting and they're
obviously not gonna have a cameraman at
three different houses you know so they
they they have one guy in the living
room one cut in the dining room and then
like the B reporter guy he's like
sitting in front of like a garbage can
in the kitchen a badge of the corona
vice of the coronavirus forced everyone
into doing podcast and all regular
television died I hope it's close but
people still rely on those big names to
like I want to hear what the BBC has to
say about it you know I want to see I
want to see what NBC says it's pretty
amazing how much I I watch YouTube more
than I watch TV nowadays like everything
related to now I subscribe to people I
like every day I'm like oh I want to see
the latest episode oh yeah for sure
I waste a lot of fucking time on it too
looking at car videos yeah like what
looking at old hot rod videos and stuff
um rich rebuilds what were we just
talking about shit I was gonna ask you a
question is everything is going on
podcast Kennedy gone in and out is it
out of my brain it had something to do
with with these shows what they're oh I
can't see if we're doing podcast now
it's switching everything that sorry
you're not helping
I got week two I but I needed that like
a day like this it's just too weird I
don't want to be sober right now mm-hmm
yeah watching car videos though I love
watching of car videos yeah oh I'll
never own I don't even want them I like
watching them some dude driving an old
Fiat the other day on a mountain road I
was like oh look at that looks cool I
don't want to do that I just think
there's something about mechanical
things that people create and work on
that's probably my favorite part about
it
I like these new car or these cars these
companies are taking like old classic
cars and been gutting a Tesla and
putting all the Tesla stuff inside of it
there's a Russian car company that's
doing that now with a 1967 Mustang Wow
but they're building the Mustang out of
pure carbon fiber yeah so it's gonna be
really light and they estimated a 0 to
60 of 2.2 seconds see who's find this
it's like it's a really new company
that's coming out with this what do you
have to do when you get one if you buy
that you need to get it fixed you have
to take it back to them you have a
senator rich Benoit yeah so it's a rich
rebuilds yeah it's the electric garage
Massachusetts where's this place give
him a shout-out
I mean we're in Massachusetts he's great
right he just put a video up about
nipples and this little kid did he where
did you get this that he gave this to me
yeah he added to the collection
I love his videos he's he keeps Tesla
honest he keeps everybody honest he
hates a lot though on the Model X and
that kind of drives me crazy
New Hampshire no he doesn't live in New
Hampshire I mean the electrified garage
it's in New Hampshire huh weird he was
in Matt maybe open the garage in New
Hampshire he's on this thing lately
where he's talking about superchargers
Seabrook New Hampshire Seabrook New
Hampshire is that that near the the Bay
the border to Massachusetts because a
lot of people did that they like got
places I had friends who got houses in
New Hampshire because it was cheaper and
you can get like a fucking yard filled
with bears yeah New Hampshire's the
woods bro is it I did a girlfriend
Hampshire it's just over the border from
Massachusetts yeah woods people it's
people
real woods people remain people there
was one store that I was reading about
where these fucking guys were working
during construction in Maine and they
rented a house and the neighbors had
decided that these people might have the
corona and so they've been there since
September they had they been in the
fucking town since September working on
construction site say they chopped a
tree down and blocked their fucking
driveway and threatened them with guns
they they have to quarantine them
they're forcing them to quarantine look
at this group of local vigilantes tried
to forcibly quarantine out-of-towners
that's Maine for you that's fucked
that's Maine for you dude Maine is a
strange place it's a strange place
you ain't never seen drunk good you
never seen drunk T seen like a bar in
Bangor
those people could throw down and
they're all in that you know they're in
that brutal brutal brutal cold brutal
cold for a long time they went to the
mainland were targeted because of
license plate when they arrived back in
VIN now Haven Vanille Haven an exchange
between roommates and some local
residents apparently didn't go well she
said adding that a group of local
vigilantes decided to take matters into
their own hands and barricade these guys
into their rental property mrs.
MacDonald called the commotion a
tremendous waste of resources noting
that he had drawn a response from
several officials so silly but that's
Maine there's a lot of dummies up there
a lot of nice people don't get me wrong
but you know there's log dummies up
there they call maniacs and they get
real mad if you make me guys screaming
at me I was telling Maine jokes in Maine
and he would scream and he would stand
it up and he was old dude - pointing at
me screaming like he really identified
with Maine and I was trying to
understand I go I go do you identify
with Maine do you think I'm talking
about you what's going on here man why
men I was making fun of the number of
people that were shot by deer in Maine a
sharp idea or shot hunting and mistaken
for a deer sorry
shot by a deer that's hilarious
and I was making this joke about it like
I mean how many fucking people live here
and this guy god I fucking they were
here at Sakura screaming at me and I was
like whoa buddy these are just jokes
it doesn't make this a lot better but
this thing in main it's a very it's a
small island town Oh even worse they're
fucking trying to keep it that's why
they're saying get back to the mainland
I was like why are they saying mainland
cuz they think if someone came over
there with the cooties yeah but those
guys have been there so September she
these people are just idiots dude
Islands are weird man I did a gig once
on Block Island Block Island is like
outside of Rhode Island I believe it was
the worst gig I ever did I mean even to
this day I think back I'm like you can't
get worse you only get different the
place was they were sedated what I mean
City I mean like everyone in the bar was
plastered like at a level where they
couldn't even communicate Wow
it was the it was one of the weirdest
things I've ever seen me and this kid
Scott Papac Yuri he booked it me and him
went there and he was opener and I was a
closer we both sucked and it was like
1989 and we were sleeping in a storage
area like where these containers of like
fucking green beans and cans of peas
right storage right there wow so there's
like racks and on the ground there was
like these beds and we had to sleep in
these beds that were in a storage unit
I'm not bullshit was no hotel room there
was a toilet you could take a shit you
wash your hands there's no bathroom no
shower I was like this is the craziest
gig ever and they were mad at us because
I forget what he had said but by the
time he had gotten off stage the show
was basically over they'd shut the show
down I don't even remember if I got to
tell a joke wow I don't even think I did
I think I might I might have like
started my act and they stopped
everything like right as he was getting
offstage and I didn't realize what was
going on but they didn't like his
language or subject matter or what it
was for sure mocking the drunks because
they were like this
jos dogs I mean they were so drunk dude
like no one could sit up straight
everyone was like sedated oh and there
was only maybe 20 people in the whole in
the whole bar I hate Barcia we came over
there out of Faerie to do this terrible
comedy show I was gonna ask this seems
like a place like put-in-bay putting bad
yeah yeah we got stock man we couldn't
go back we had stock we couldn't go back
until the morning then we went back in
the morning I was like whoa that was a
that was a rough one but that's an
island like you get those people that
just live on this little island and they
just get hammered together yeah there's
a few of those islands it's not a happy
island you think of island life you
think of like Kauai
you know we're Laird Hamilton Kai why
it's like Cuba is surfing why I know
cold islands are not this thing no cold
islands are different you don't get no
Gabby Reece on them cold islands
I heard why then have any any
coronavirus and they closed off Hawaii
is that true they should good move for
them shut it down if you can afford it
because people coming over they're gonna
bring it the question is what if they
bring just you know what if they bring
it and it doesn't affect them the way it
affects everybody else yeah they have a
few cases in 275 we heard about Germany
now exceptionally low mortality rates
like less than somewhere in the
neighborhood of 1/10 of 1% less than
everywhere else really yeah and then
there's I believe Sweden and Sweden in
an experiment they're not shutting down
anything they're not shutting down yeah
they're not shutting down restaurants or
schools or anything or not yeah how are
they doing right now maybe they're
looking at it the same way Germany's
looking at it yeah but the whole thing
is over filling the hospitals all at
once and not being able to treat people
right and that's why they die because
they don't get the right treatment right
yeah yeah a hundred percent
I mean it's there's no fucking real
answer of this thing it's it affects
people so differently some people get it
and it's all mo
nothing and and some people apparently
in Wuhan are testing positive again so
they test negative they get it they get
over it they test negative and then they
test positive again but they're
asymptomatic they're asymptomatic but
it's it's still active that's what
people are scared of that it's gonna be
a certain percentage of the population
for whatever reason aren't going to show
any signs of this virus and those people
going to spread it to everyone around
them and not even know they're doing it
but in a sense we kind of all are doing
that if you were around any people that
go anywhere other than at your house
like if you go to the store like if
you're going to the store and we're all
going to store it for oh you don't know
what you're running into you're going to
the store I mean you hopefully are not
gonna catch anything at the store but
this stuff lives in the air people are
breathing if you just I don't know how
much it takes how much particulate
matter has to be in the air before it
can get into your mouth a mask you wear
that when you fuck don't lie I was lucky
I bought these things like before the
virus because of allergies and those
good well this has like the the filters
in it the charcoal filters and all that
I don't know if it does anything I'm
sure the charcoal filters do a lot yeah
has a replaceable filters good but it
makes me feel better when I'm in public
just like the other day I was at the
grocery store and of all people an old
Chinese lady starts coughing ridiculous
and the whole grocery store was quiet
all looked over at once just stared at
her but she was not even like covering
her face she was just coughing up in the
air and I was like thank God I had this
I pulled out at least makes me feel
better like it but I think the particles
fog directly to the ground like there
are thicker water so it doesn't even
matter I was trying to get my family to
watch World War Z or 28 days later they
passed on both of them you guys like War
Z is rated PG is pg-13 yes
Shonda the deads a good one yeah but
World War Z is ferocious remember that
that scared the shit out of me I was
listening to a podcast we were talking
about this guy that got bit by a
mountain lion that was rabid and
any animal that's rabbit will be like
real aggressive and they'll go after you
like just think about that because it's
kind of like what it is to be a 28 days
later zombie type of character right you
just want to bite people to give them a
disease and that's kind of like a rat
who has rabies it's trying to chasing a
cat yeah or you know are you something
like a raccoon trying to bite these
people that I was reading about like
that and turned out the raccoon had
rabies like oh they once they only have
rabies they want to give it away they
want to get that's what the virus is
doing where the disease is doing it's
trying to get in another host so it
makes you go get him on and jump into
him imagine if something like that rage
shit from 28 days later gets out it's so
much scarier than what we're dealing
with now folks again we have a good in
comparison to how it could be asteroid
showers and rage all at once rage gets
out of lab the chimp bites the trainer
the trainer bites the doctor the doctor
bites the nurse the nurse bites our
friends and everybody starts biting
everybody on way that's 28 days later
bro that's rabies that could happen why
couldn't it happen it can happen no
power asteroid shower grid goes down no
internet people start lying again and
then rabies I want you to feel good
about today right now we're doing good
man we can still get gas we could still
get food yeah but like there's our
Internet's already stressed they have to
take down all the Netflix and video
games are going down like 720p and
there's a thing called books I want you
to look into though once you start
reading come on bro internet went out
for a half hour last night and I almost
freaked out I've set some good fitness
goals that's where I started to I set
like a real good schedule shit that I
need to do but I'm definitely gonna do X
amount of days per week and I've been on
that and I fuckin love not traveling you
know I mean yes I'm sorry for everyone
that's out of work don't get me wrong
I'm not being insensitive here I'm just
telling you my my life the the positive
thing about not
javelin is you feel way better your
body's not getting beat up all the time
yeah your body gets beat the fuck up
when you travel every weekend you fly on
a plane every weekend that's positive
because like I we had to cancel
obviously a bunch of shows and just
being at home you know I love it no
stress no stress
it's nice petting your dog yeah going
for a walk in your neighborhood oh that
shit's important for people and you um
you know you don't realize because we
have this crazy life we're always flying
around you don't realize how unsettling
that is until you're home for a period
of time we should do residency's in LA
the way they do residency's in Vegas
just I guess we kind of do already at
the Comedy Store like set up shop at a
small theater and just like I'm not
going anywhere anymore you want to come
yeah or travel we're doing shows in
Burbank no buy a 500 seat theater in
Burbank do shows there every week
there's one right across the street from
Bob's Big Boy because you can travel I
don't have to travel to you you can
travel
I'll make the tickets cheaper airlines
are gonna be so cheap when we get back
and running everyone's gonna like please
fly please we're hanging on by a thread
last night the cheapest shit cheapest
shit right like flying neck this weekend
you could buy first-class 400 500 bucks
sounds crazy son trip to China was $400
I mean that round ship should be $400 in
your bank account they should pay you
they should give you foot massage the
whole way and say they're sorry do you
think that's gonna come though they
might shut down the airlines because yes
that's what I was saying I mean look
it's if you look at that cellphone map I
mean we're doing a better job than those
fucking kids are those kids on the beach
are doing the worst job because they're
17 and they're horny and they're drunk
and they have a phone but if you just
look at people that are traveling for
business or people that are going to
supermarkets you just if you just look
at it honestly there's there's so much
room for it getting out I definitely
think it's a good move to stay in as
long as possible and get as many people
that are tested negative as possible so
that we can save as many people as we
can don't get me wrong but I am saying
they're not really stopping it they're
stopping some of it you're not a hundred
percent stopping it and there
going to be able to either you know they
were talking about quarantine in New
York City and Cuomo had an interesting
quote who's like it's almost like the
federal government declaring war on
States and war on cities I was like whoa
like if the federal government comes in
says no eating leaves and nobody goes in
like Oh fuckin Christ
are we really doing that and Cuomo was
like look that's not this is not a good
thing to do would you bring in the
military and have tanks and shit
everybody's freaking out about next step
right what is next level when you say
quarantine and now Trump is giving in to
this idea that it's going to take until
April 30th so he's given up on his
Easter idea and now he's saying you know
that doesn't look realistic it's looks
more like April 30 just for the personal
space guidelines June 1st right after
that it's like June looks like a great
it would be a great time like what about
May yeah what about yeah I think I think
it's June 1st sounds like a way more
realistic thing then dude if you imagine
everybody's out of work for three months
do you know how nuts that's gonna be all
these people that had thriving
businesses and through no fault of their
own they lost all that they worked for
for decades all these people that are
taking care of their families all these
people that are raising kids putting
kids in school you know put kids in
daycare and while they're at work all
that shit there's so much of a
disruption here and no one knows what to
do no one has a solution and but people
are blaming Trump like look man what if
he was right what if what if we were on
the bright side of this thing and they
caught it early and his rosy predictions
proved true that would be great they
weren't but no ones were no one knew
means some people had a better idea than
him for sure but no one really knew what
was gonna go on and we're really still
puzzled by some places like I was
talking this guy that was saying there's
a real issue with Italy because Italy's
numbers are so out of whack you look at
Germany and you look at Italy Italy just
crazy numbers and they're trying to
think lifestyle they're trying to think
close proximity to family members
they're always on top of each other they
live a lot of people to a place and the
social gather all the time and then
they're smoking they smoke a lot of
cigarettes
yeah and then there's a very also very
high population old people so they look
at Germany and this is why I always tell
you if you have a choice chin Italian
car and a German car you get a fucking
German car all day because Germans are
very very fucking disciplined and
they're structured and they think things
out and they engineer things well and
for whatever reason whatever it's
because their hospital system is better
whether it's because it's a genetic
thing whether it's because more people
over there have better health care and
they get treated quicker their mortality
rate is really low hmm it's weird we
read about Sweden did you find the thing
about Sweden what are they saying about
it they have closed colleges and
universities they've limited restaurants
like 50 people but they are saying like
people can eat in them schools for kids
under 16 or closed but they haven't it's
like voluntary for everything else they
volunteer in lockdown
yeah are you expecting people to make
the right decision that's their take on
it
where's a little thing you got there
fella just charger oh I thought that was
maybe one of them weird phones you know
how they have those baby ones well do
you have those foldables ones so bad you
know I do I went the not the razor but
the Samsung one that that one looks cool
well they did they have to Samsung's one
that folds out a clamshell yeah move
right yeah but you think you could be
okay with Android I think it would be
good as a second phone
the thing about Android man is those
iMessage group chats and FaceTime and
airdrop airdrops huge they're so wise
they like Apple did such a clever move
and sucking us into the net like you
can't get out like this where the
spider's web because I have a samsung
phone I have a Galaxy Note 10 I like to
use that for looking at stuff like
watching YouTube videos and stuff like
it's a huge screen it's got no bezels
basically yeah and one little tiny hole
punch in it you know it's killer and the
5 G's nice it's nice but it's never I've
never used it once it's nice it's there
right but the thing about it is it
doesn't get air drop if someone send me
a picture they have to text it to me I
might not even get it
the Samsung does her mean Android does
have like their version to airdrop I
could never get it to work and you can I
don't think you could do it to Apple and
Apple can't you can't do it to them yeah
it's fuck off now I like you know I have
no problems with the eye but it's just
interesting that they figured out a way
to do that to rope us into their net
because if they didn't rope us into
their net then it's like you could get a
really good Android phone now you know
like right now they have that Samsung
Galaxy S 20 altra yeah that looks great
that thing is a tablet you're carrying
around an iPad it's huge camera doh
oh my god this is a hundred and eight
megapixel something like that yeah that
is so ridiculous and then has a hundred
X zoom if you go to digital zoom it's
like 3x optical and a hundred x digital
I don't even think it's 3 X octal I
think it's something like 10 bird here
something like that yeah
cuz it uses a like a periscope not
periscope Oh telescoping lens yeah it's
a Lincoln but it's so big I don't like I
switch to the little iPhone I want
that's something I think in the future
I'm going to start cuz I bought my
girlfriend the smaller version of the
11pro or whatever but yeah it doesn't it
doesn't like sit weird in my pocket that
was the other thing like the big one in
my front pocket and it was like first of
all what kind of radiation am I getting
on my deck
yeah lots yeah making some weird fucking
doctor strange kids but the other thing
is like this thing fits it's big enough
like if I'm looking at shit it's fucking
big enough but it fits perfectly in your
hand you know it's not too heavy I've
been wearing my watch a lot lately and
just leaving my phone at home because
because the number is connected so if
somebody calls me or text me I get it on
my watch except Android people you're
fucked
oh yeah they probably can call you yeah
they can text you but they can't
iMessage you or does it get SMS as well
okay I guess it does work on SMS yeah
what am I thinking my sister sends me
these voice 2 texts
checks and I guess she does it while
she's driving and I'm I'm like do you
read these words interpretation of what
you said there's no periods in any of it
and I looked through it I'm like what
are you saying
she just rambles into her phone and then
sends her this text message it's
hilarious yeah she's busy she doesn't
have time to read it I get it I'm not
mad at her but I'm like why in the hell
and then I said to I go did you read
this and see she laughs at me but it's
it's so bad you know like you can't yet
leave a whole conversation with somebody
you can say a thing pretty close pretty
close you can leave a note but when you
want to make like a long story as well
my sisters from Boston ranch the bus
heavy Boston accent you know when I was
19 I hurt myself on television yeah when
I was 19 I I fought in the Bay State
Games and this local news station
interviewed me and I had this terrible
accent I was like oh my god listen to me
I'm a moron I wish I don't have any more
there's a bunch of my old Taekwondo day
stuff that I used to have that I just
wanted to shed when I was moving on with
my life the only reason was a video of
me fighting at all even online even
though I had videos was cuz this guy
that I knew from back in the day he was
on another team we knew each other back
we were both young and competing sent me
this stuff so this one the one video of
me sending some guy flying through the
air that's he that's from him he caught
that in nineteen I want to say 87 US Cup
in Connecticut yeah so I don't I have
the medals I have a bunch of medals just
sitting around I look at him every now
and then and it seems like I'm lying
fake they seem fake like I think about
the Taekwondo days and I look at those
things so I was like those mine
so really mine's a planted memory Joe
that didn't happen I don't have real
video of it other than that one video
the only time I know it's real is that
when ia like kick the bag like I'm like
oh yeah I can do this like it's some
weird thing that I can still do you know
I keep like
you ever seen Chapelle do backflips how
Lacey Dave Chappelle is like three Dave
Chappelle's in the same height if you
like took Dave's body and and packed in
through me he's a fucking Savage
he's so jacked and he's got ridiculous
athletic ability because of years of
being a cheerleader he's a world
champion cheerleader
dude he throws himself through the air
and you cannot believe it cuz he's he's
a tank
he's probably 230 somewhere in that
range solid rock and flips through the
air throws himself through the air just
backflips in the back earth look at this
watch this this is him okay no replay
watch this watch what oh that's him
watch this watch this this is ridiculous
dude but if you're tiny if you're a
hundred and thirty-five pound person
that's one thing he's I mean a
no-bullshit a solid 235 240 built like a
brick shithouse will get any throws this
girl up in the air and catches her over
his head look at that that's ridiculous
ridiculous he's a cheerleader he was a
prophetic by me was uh not there's no
real professional he was a competitive
world champion cheering what we just
talked about wanted to bring him up but
before the backflip dave chappelle no
before that
god dammit we're talking about people
based eight games
no no it's past that we're talking about
people who can do crazy things
physically that's probably what it is
that you wouldn't expect like what how
do you do that but it's the same thing
with him like he started doing that when
he was really young so his body
developed throwing itself through the
air but a normal person his size it's so
hard to get air when you're that heavy
those guys who get air if you see them
at like a like a gymnastics event
they're like 160 hundred seventy but
watch this that's crazy dude I mean he
flies through the air it's like you're
kicking a bag
you know it's for kind of like that in
that he's doing this because he
developed his body while doing this and
when he was real little by himself he
used to practice like doing backflips
and shit
so by the time he got into cheerleading
he was already like physically capable
doing that he he grew up doing it and
when your body grows up doing something
we used to say that about strikers some
strikers some people learn how to strike
they can learn our strike later in life
they still pick it up pretty well just
cuz they're real fast and explosive but
there's a thing that like guys have when
they start out striking at a very early
age like Floyd Mayweather there's a
perfect example there the really elite
of the elite seemed to all start out
when they're young and sort of develop
into fighting as their body matures like
Tyson like Sugar Ray Leonard like a lot
of these guys had extensive amateur
backgrounds and then you know developed
into a male professional with you know
some of them 100-plus fights in the
amateurs like Vasily lomachenko had
hundreds and hundreds of fights in the
amateurs and one I think two Olympic
gold medals before he ever became
professional and those guys that they
they're they're just head and shoulders
above everybody else because like
developing as your body's maturing and
you're being coached by world-class
coaches like Floyd Mayweather was like
you just get this sense of this sport
that other people are never gonna get
they're never gonna get to your level
you're just on this crazy level the only
way they're gonna beat use if they catch
with like a perfectly placed punch with
anybody can get hit with you get knocked
out but other than that if it's just
like boxing for boxing fully mayweather
is like he's a Zen master he's got this
sense of the sport that most guys just
will never have like when you see if you
watch him fight a lot of people like
they hate on him because he talks a lot
of shit he's got a lot of money and he
wants everybody to know it but that's
also he sells pay-per-views dummy like
he talks a lot of shit you get mad you
want to see and get beep and nobody
could beat him when he fought Canelo
Alvarez
that was a real wake-up call for people
because Canelo is a monster he's a
terrifying boxer and for Mayweather just
peaced him up pieced him up just pieced
him up just put on a show put on a
boxing clinic and you watch me like wow
that's he has a space
show understanding of that sport but I
don't think you get if you start when
you're 30 I don't think you ever get
there I think you need to be already
elite in your 20s if you want to get to
your peak as a 30 32 year old athlete
somewhere in that range at the top of
the game at the apex you kind of need to
learn as you're a baby you know it's a
fucking weird thing man when we get old
we suck at learning things you know it's
Nature's Way of telling you bitch
pick a lane yeah pick something
tick-tock get out of here
you boys lost time you tried to learn a
new thing like a new skill well or a
language reading learning PC are you
relearning pcs yeah games virtual
reality I mean it's I tell you it's
frustrating as fuck like just had to
download a program the other day just to
put a 3d model and just so I could
upload it into a game and like it's like
just the you know it's so not like Mac
it's it's it's it's you have to actually
dig in and like do code stuff and do you
have to enter dos you wanted I was doing
turn whatever their terminal yeah I
think it is - yeah what did that I did
something like that yeah did the
communiques or whatever it's called UNIX
is uh that's blood program apples based
on is it yeah apples based on UNIX right
Mac OS used to be honest but windows
isn't Unix right you know about
different programming download a program
just put this 3d model in and I think
it's so you can download the UNIX
program on yeah windows yeah in Mac I
don't do shit with my windows computer
other than right right it's my writing
great that's your writing computer house
yeah it's so it's to me it's you know
it's so much floppy there's so many
windows popping up still there's so many
like dumb things like why are you asking
me this you know what's update all the
time yeah and when it updates it'll take
like 20 minutes Mike you fucker you
didn't tell me how long it's gonna take
now I'm sitting here my dick in my hand
trying to write I've heard a lot of
people complain about the Apple update
thing - cuz most people don't hit the
update now and was like no tomorrow no
tomorrow it keeps getting after yeah
well those people are stupid Hey
it's a different animal we're talking
about morons yeah I always but it's but
for writing man you cannot if you want
to just have a laptop you can't beat
those thinkpads those Lenovo ThinkPad
the keyboards are so much better it
makes such a big difference it's the
whole difference it's the whole
difference because if I looked at it in
terms of like the quality of the screen
and the the with the Mac ecosystem once
you're in that ecosystem like
everything's sort of connected to your
laptop but the the keyboard on those
lenovo's it's like telepathic like you
know where every key is your fingers fit
in that little groove and when you push
them down there's like the satisfying
amount of travel and you know where you
know what you're doing I make so fewer
errors that I do even with the new when
I got that 16 inch one the new it still
sucks yeah it still sucks it's better
for sure than the last keyboard it's way
better than way better way better but it
still sucks why wouldn't you make the
best keyboard ever why why would you
make a keyboard that still sucks when
you know that those lenovo keyboards are
out there you know they're out there
somebody must have told you somebody
must have told you that there's a
ThinkPad keyboard that's literally 500
times better than your shitty keyboard
or just the one they had two years ago
like I could my exes - or my girlfriend
yeah I get my girlfriend my old computer
and and I was playing on that keyboard
like this is way better than the the 16
inch like why aren't we using a wise key
travel yeah back then you had more key
travel yeah that does every furbished
load yes has a fuck load of key travel I
know where every key is and I press them
they took the guts out and put a new
guns yes but when you press those keys
man there's a satisfying amount of
travel that lets you know you're
pressing it and that's more feedback for
your fingers so you're more confident
when you're typing when everything's
flat the same surface like you yeah yeah
like how good do you pop type on an iPad
when you have to open it up as a
keyboard and you do that new iPad
keyboard have you seen all those
different looks sick but then what is
that is that an iPad or a fucking
computer right what is that well it's
faster than their their Mac
Aires or whatever yeah it's I guess it
because it's I this is my thought when
you're gonna use a computer
shouldn't it be comfortable and
shouldn't it be most effective to use
like aren't those two you think about
the amount of time you spend entering
things into a keyboard shouldn't it be
the most comfortable keyboard you can
get and the keyboard that responds the
best should it be okay well how is that
not a giant priority for you you want
everything to look pretty but you want
to feel like shit and so even when you
know that more travel is better for
people to type especially for touch
typists and people who write a lot and
creative people you know that why don't
you do that well I think that's kind of
what the why people like iPads cuz you
can bring your own keyboard and you
could do that with a laptop too
yeah for sure but it's still why not do
it right like lenovo does right you
fucks
and by the way metal doesn't feel good
like why is it metal why am I putting my
hand on metal why is it cold metal
digging into my wrists why is it
aluminium why you want to make it pretty
like why don't you make it have like a
softer plastic with curved edges so it
doesn't suck yeah so it doesn't feel
weird on your skin like no sir
whatever we want everything white you
laughing you're so deep down like the
design discussion meeting I'm like
picturing of like I'm like what do you
want you want to be thinner what do you
do I want it to be a ThinkPad ThinkPad
x1 carbon it weighs nothing that one
curve you're the old 17 inches curve
present what is when they made that
unibody design edge when you're typing
the edge of the bottom that cuts you up
it's stupid the first thing I would cut
if I was just like hey we need to make a
new design I would just shave the keys
in half cuz they're probably taking up
making this bit the double you know when
you closed it I think that's what
they're trying to shrink down right you
close it share the keys in half oh yeah
what do you mean like the piece of
plastic that they are that you're saying
that made them so much better when
you're shrinking the size of a laptop
soprano yeah well that's what happened
yeah that's so you can close it that's
all I'm saying like they just probably
did that first and no one give a fuck
well they came out with a patent that
they haven't implemented yet of a
keyboard that has keys at lower or raise
and
this was like something that was being
discussed like the everything at all
that would be great if Apple had it like
you can get it up to 1.5 millimeters or
down to like 6 millimeters or point six
motors if that's you want but it's still
gonna be not as good as the Lenovo one
they're not going another one is curved
the nerve one over one there's like
their little C shapes so your fingers
fit right into them and you know where
each one is it's just better like why
don't you know it's better
anyone who types on it knows it's better
you know Lewis from unbox there but
unbox therapy yeah dude as soon as you
started typing my he's like what have I
been do with my life
you should get one of those lenovo
laptops and hackintosh it ooh I don't
use it for enough it's like what do I
need I need Microsoft Word I need I used
to use the right room a lot but now I
find I can I could do all the same shit
with word and then I upload you know
when I share it with myself so that I
have it on my other computer but that's
all I'm dealing with it I'm writing you
know like it's okay I know the the
operating system is more clunky it's
weird but I don't do anything with it
you know if I was running a bunch of
different programs and I'm just using it
as a word processor mostly it's just way
better it's way better to write on and
it weighs nothing these fucks they keep
giving us the same thing here's your
choice aluminum or aluminium I think
it's gonna get worse - I think the
future is having no keyboard having it
like an iPad with the haptic feedback I
feel like that's probably gonna be it
yeah well I think people there's still a
group of people that like really want
those mechanical keyboards you know and
a lot of people hook up mechanical
keyboards to their main desktop computer
anyway you know they just feel better
there's more travel you know where you
know what's going on once you get
accustomed to that goddammit you don't
make any errors you know where each of
key is your fingers sort of fall into
place I mean if you're a way better type
as than me and many many many people are
maybe that keyboards not as bad but for
me that keyboard sucks you know
especially the old one the new ones
better the new fifty sixteen is better
than the old 15 for sure no doubt about
it but it still sucks they had they have
a lot of questionable design like
one of the biggest design dumb things
that Apple has ever done like I thought
they would have fixed it by now
but there might their mouse how you have
to charge it on the bottom the plug to
charge it is on the bottom of it so I
say like you're out of battery you can't
just like plug it and use it like a
mouse while it's charging you know it
pretty much uses it there it makes it
you can't use it at all yeah so you
can't use it while it's charging yeah
the plug this is an old one oh it plugs
under it so you have to open it up and
get it no no no you have to plug it
right here so to the bottom so you can't
even use it like if you just need to hit
in or something or whatever the dumbest
design every still have it like they
still have why don't they just have it
at the end so you could use it like a
regular Mouse when it's charging they
want you to be responsible and charge
your mouse they shouldn't ask you to be
responsible for that what if something's
important you want to enter it right
away you can't do it yeah and white fox
why does iPad not have multiple users
like a computer so if you want to give
your wife the Year iPad you could log
let her log into her own account say you
don't have all your shit open oh it
doesn't know how did they do it laptops
well that's the difference between Mac
OS and iOS right I always do you think
you would ever see the thing about Apple
though they're way better with privacy
way better with privacy than Google
phones oh yeah you know like I was
reading this thing about Android phones
where there's some apps that send
information to other apps they have
agreements where apps contact other apps
and let those apps know what you're
doing good that new zoom software
everyone's using like even if you don't
sign in using Facebook or say anything
about Facebook you're still getting your
shit it's sold to Facebook like how is
that possible that's crazy
well it's commodity yeah you know it's a
commodity and there was a great guest on
the Sam Harris podcast which I remember
it but this guy was talking about
privacy and this very thing he's like
there became a commodity that we didn't
know was
going to be a commodity and we all sold
our rights away to it we all signed the
user agreement yeah click agree sent it
come on let me get going I just want to
use it I don't I pay attention to what
that fucking user me want seven eight
pages of legalese you like what am i
agreeing to yeah you know those end user
agreements man those are one of the
sneakiest things that people have ever
perpetrated on folks at South Park
episode by the way don't you a South
Park was going on right now no okay if I
was tray I would be like dude let's just
do this I'll be writing yeah it's
probably constantly writing anyway
they'll probably have like five episodes
ready to go by the time everything gets
running I hope so
five corona episodes most fucked up oh
my god Comedy Central think they had a
hard time when they were drawn Mohammed
mm-hmm what kind of a hard time are they
gonna get from the coronavirus yeah yeah
and how bad is comedy going to be for a
couple months when people comics start
getting back on stage cuz you know at
being no one's been working out you know
this it'll be fine in a week yeah not
even depending if you listen to your
recorded recordings right yeah if you
listening recordings you could you could
get going I had a dream that I was in
the middle of a bit and I forgot how to
do it
fuck yeah it was like a bit that I don't
do anymore so was even weirder but it
was in the middle of a bit I was like
god dammit houses paid go I forgot but
if I was gonna go up when this is all
down and we're back up and running I'm
gonna do short spots at the store and
get the legs under you again kind of you
down for a couple months yeah does it
all the time every was gonna run of
jokes though that's why South Park needs
to come out right now
comedians are gonna have the the hot
take is gonna be so similar like what's
the hot take gonna be mm-hmm
there's gonna be hey don't need a
fucking bat there's gonna be that one
there's gonna be jokes about
dough sekiz or Mandela is gonna be jokes
about that says the real obvious one the
printer yeah there's gonna be there's
gonna be mean people that are gonna make
jokes about headed to work
fuck granny toilet paper I need to you
know I need to pay my fucking rent how
about you stay home granny you know
there's gonna be those people that have
that take on it it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be interesting to see like if
anybody has a perspective that you
didn't think a lot of comics are hitting
to like IG live right now it's it's gone
awful watching I cannot stand
thought it was a good idea to do
stand-up with no crowd for the Laugh
Factory
oh do you see those yeah or flappers
who's charging five dollars a person to
go on their pay site or some but yeah as
usual some virtual-open like five bucks
to get on their virtual come on yeah
that they are charts in a way I could
say hey they're gonna stay open you know
nobody is more willing to give you money
than some crazy open mic or that wants
to be seen right right especially some
of the legit job like most of them have
a job and then they do stand-up on you
know their spare time they got a little
disposable income probably cuz they're
crazy and they have no friends right so
not spending it on anything other than
medication the next thing you know boom
five bucks for flappers and they hit
what if it was like one dude about the
whole block oh that's a lair yeah wide
open my career and behind him and so he
does it he just dominates flappers
website all day there was a stand up
video game a few months ago it I don't
know what how do you remember like you
go into a place and like take take it
your turn doing I think maybe if you got
booed off like the Apollo you're done
and the next person goes up well I think
Grand Theft Auto was supposed to
originally have that be the Comedy Store
be a comedy club that you can go in to
do that hey did you see those people
singing along to Biggie in Brooklyn I
was not real it wasn't real yeah thought
so you know my wife is the first person
who knows nobody's leaning out the
window there's a crowd voice you could
hear it's like from an arena god damn it
sons of bitches they pretend I'm Dana
White they got him yeah yeah yeah I was
like that's pretty cool if they did do
it if someone was blasting Biggie and
everybody starts singing along but nope
that's her legs fucks well it's because
the Italians actually did do it I know
in the apartment complex and they're all
singing into the see them singing though
but there's one lady came outside she
was playing the recorder and her husband
fucking smack there's a thing Fox Fox
News something was like being broadcast
live but almost all of those videos are
being lip synced and whatnot well below
it was real but like I was watching you
could see it was fake I'll never smoke
weed with Willie again yeah that's what
that's gotta be a bummer man man if you
went on stage did you stand up and they
wanted you to lip-sync your old shit
imagine if they had like a an album that
you did and you had a lip-sync to the
album including the ad-libs ideas they
may ever tried me because they lost
their voice or something and God you
know like actually Simpson did it on SNL
and got busted I never heard of it
imagine comics doing that yeah I could
imagine some crazy people doing it like
some people that are really off people
do some dumb shit we didn't imagine you
know we have this random thing I forget
I don't know if I ever told you this on
kill Tony or will have Joe Rogan calling
in and and it's just me on Spotify going
all right what are we talking about gays
all right click on gays and just go
let's go 10 minutes 10 seconds into the
and just press play like Joe it's good
if we just randomly hit you saying
thanks and when it works so you guys
still do you're still doing kill Tony
yeah we're doing it tonight we're doing
it a lot of phone-ins and callings you
know it's mostly just me Tony and
Jeremiah it's a good movie to keep doing
it man because these are gonna be first
of all when people look back they're
gonna look back at these shows where you
guys were on you know downtime and
you're like four
these motherfuckers are committed to
this show but even though they're
completely quarantined you can't do any
live shows they did all their shows by
themselves no live show and you'll keep
all your audience yeah yeah it's very
cool to that when they made this stay at
home order they included podcast as
being as essential yeah it's very cool
Oh medias media very important yeah and
you know yet we're all stay for we're
not high-fiving and kissing each other
like normally too
but and it does feel good to do like me
and Holtzman still are doing the podcast
and it's people like it cuz you know
they're so depressed at home and you
know it's seeing us not freaking out and
just having a talk conversation like
we're doing right now it's like oh maybe
I need to chill out a little bit you
know yeah they do but also some shit
needs to change yeah I don't know what
can change though man I mean what can't
you watch that video those fucking
cellphones spreading across and think
about the virus is spreading across like
how can you lighten things up and still
keep people from getting infected that's
the great question and why do some
people have almost no reaction to it why
are some people asymptomatic that's the
scary thing about new diseases man you
know when something new comes along
they're all they're like what is this
it's one thing I like about this I don't
have to give anybody my joint I think
that's the future more twice tips get
your own bitch even glass tips who knows
what kind of spittle is inside that
fucking disgusting thing blue light
flashing in through the new glass tip
fuck out of here ooh how about the
fucking remember that vaporizer bag we
used to have the boy you know okay no oh
my god will we get obliterated with that
that was funny you still have that yes
storage do you have that bong that was
like 10 feet tall that was yeah I gave
that somebody fuck did I give that to no
no no I gave it to somebody maybe Tony's
got or someone I get I had too many
bongs and I never used any of them I
think it's beautiful though oh that
crazy sculpture one I used that one
because it was so beautiful so
ridiculous it was like a piece of art
yeah but they just happen to get you
high
oh it's nice you know I
that was like the early days of my pot
smoking - I thought it was a good idea
to have some ridiculous sculpture some
ode to weed in my living room yeah you
had that cool media room a gold Buddha
such a weird time right now that I I
keep thinking of what what it's gonna be
like on the other end you know instead
of just just living which I've never
really do I never really think what's
gonna be like on the other end I always
just do stuff you know like whether I'm
doing a Netflix special or whether I'm
doing podcasts or doing stand-up I just
do stuff I don't think like like do it
like this one day it'll be that and then
maybe people will like this and maybe I
just keep doing it but now I'm like what
is gonna be here like but what is
society gonna be like with no
restaurants what is society gonna be
like with 50% unemployment what is
society gonna be like if that disease
kicks in again and what's gonna survive
so I'm wondering about the future now I
never wonder about the future I was just
kind of do I'm so lucky now I realized
so so lucky that I can do that that I
could just concentrate on the shit I
enjoy doing and that's a big advantage
of that too is it helps you be good at
that thing because you have less stress
less things you're thinking about more
sleep for everybody but now everybody's
got to be a prepper everybody's got to
be a little paranoid everybody's got to
be a little a little wacked out by this
everybody does even people like you and
I they would want to just blow it off
and think live in the moment now you can
now you have especially if you have
people you love that are relying on you
like you have to have food now you have
to keep food of your fucking house fine
toilet paper that was a weird one it is
we're glad a bidet why didn't everyone
go crazy for food why everybody worried
about wiping their ass why is that them
the number one thing that seemed to be
the issue more than water I'm like yeah
water makes more sense in toilet paper
water makes a ton of sense and so does
food like dry food bring get oats right
get oatmeal shit like that rice stuff
that lasts a long
last time you need pasta you need stuff
that you could just make with a fire and
a pan and some water you need to be able
to just have stuff that'll keep you
alive for X amount of days that's what
you need you'll need toilet paper you
need a rag and a sink and there you go
you got a clean asshole tada you know or
get one of them ones that we got in here
squirt you up the booty hoses thing they
have a new one that was a sponsor that
you can attach to the back of a toilet
it's like it's not expensive either oh
yeah yeah what's that called
your cousin touchy touchy right yeah how
much is that cause it's very lift off it
$79 yeah so for 80 bucks you get a clean
asshole and you save a million dollars
yeah on toilet paper it takes it takes
like three minutes to install and it's
the same water that you press your teeth
perfect goes right into the sink after
you clean your asshole no that was on
the read and that was my favorite thing
to say same thing that's cleaning your
butthole warm water one that's only $30
more Oh splurge you're a hard-ass I see
one of them Navy SEAL type dudes likes
to suffer yeah yeah you could in if you
decide to get a more expensive one you
can skip the the air drying one because
it just makes it do the whole plate
smell like your asshole it's disgusting
I don't like that I went over this
person's house once and they had a bidet
and inside their bidet was a bar so I
was gonna take a leak there's a bar soap
and a wet rag and I was like what that's
I use it you get in there with that soap
wash the old poop chute and that water
shoots at the bidet is like the most
unorganized ever it's basically if you
fall and slip something happens and you
got like slippery socks on or shoes you
you fall that pipe is going right up
your asshole
that's stupid pipe it's in the mitt how
do you fall people fall all the time
people die trying to climb fences do you
know that those spikes on fences kill
people every year he's slept his slip on
fall and falling the bidet and it
punctures your asshole like a robot
dick think about what that thing looks
like that that that it looks like that
like the top of a hammer when we got it
doesn't come out until you hit the
button it's like a robot arm so
different that's different but it's not
a bad day I'm talking about a bidet like
a friend no no no no no that's a bidet
seat
these folks it was a French it was a
French doctor and his wife we were over
their house they were French and they
had this bidet and it's uh looks like
you know like if you slip like you're
getting your butthole clean by this
little little fucking pipe that's
sticking straight up with little it
sprays water and you're supposed to get
up in there with soap wash it down no
that's the way to do it though better
than the way we do it I'll smear and
everything there it is so that one's a
that's a safe one I don't some of them
have protrude Rance used to have one
yeah Jesus Christ I'm trying to find one
that sticks out more alright give up
here fine
look at that circle look at that that
the the the the drawing to the left with
the red circle click on that oh wait
he's much small they're little maybe
someone's a cruel person that had the
house yeah maybe it was one of those
douche sticks I know when he said date
that porn star she snapped the anal
douche that pull that's a hose Wow I was
in New York once and I posted on
Instagram the shitter had not one but
two hoses had a hose on either side I
didn't get it either until someone
explained to me that some because it was
a very fancy hotel and some people from
other lands prefer to wash their hand
wash their ass rather with their left
hand
it's the lefty style yeah so for you to
ask them to grab a hose
the right hand side and hose down there
asshole they'd be offended you're not
supposed to do that we write in you
suppose do it your left hand yeah - and
one on each side like a
industrial-strength I see I think I made
a YouTube video or Instagram video huh
yeah it's um it's a better way to clean
your ass that's for sure like the way we
do it with toilet paper is really
disgust oh it's fucking gross you're
just smushing it around like if you had
that shit on your eyebrow not your taint
hair spray your eyebrow hairs how much
rubbing there it is one on the left one
on the right what the fuck dude look at
that I like that you try it out yes with
my shame with their poop juice everyone
man that one that one's for a big
asshole what maybe once for a pussy once
for an asshole maybe you double jam
right and left right hammers to clit cuz
my bday has a pussy but in a Nash mode
yes girls probably use that thing it
feels good on me but I guess I'm not
ashamed to admit it at warm water oh
yeah what's up on your butt I guess it's
a smaller little thing that I remembered
so I don't think you have to worry
though the bidet there's a bidet on the
other side of the room - look if you see
there over there that's a good day so
there was a bidet see that's what I'm
talking about see that little robot dick
that's sticking up did you see it in the
bidet watch see watch when they turn it
around or when I turn it around whether
after I grab a hold of these two things
I was super confused the other side has
a thing that pokes out in the middle and
that's kind of what I was talking about
and some of them are a little higher
than others but they're these weird
little
yes that little robot dick is that not
that part the other one the one earlier
see it doesn't matter really doesn't you
know the touch bar on that laptop do you
touch bar is the shit cuz even an
Instagram video you can back it up
everyone's gonna say they need to Adam
yes I can I turned all that shit off oh
no no no it's great
that's the only good thing about the 16
inch MacBook that I appreciate is that
touch bar we're for YouTube videos you
scroll back and forth it's so much
better than having to keep your finger
on this one area on the trackpad and
hold on to the thing move it left and
right or click on this clear though it's
so seamless like you know exactly where
your finger is it's a more effective way
of navigating like YouTube videos gyro
your track of landscape that you're
navigating in is very defined right so
you just get your finger on it you just
move it back and forth
it's open the ever uses them there's a
bunch of keyboard shortcuts on YouTube
to use which are great and helpful but I
couldn't tell you what more than two of
them are like I can skip frame five
seconds together list of a bunch of
places but you can jump to all sorts of
parts in the video just by hitting
certain keys I didn't know that yeah
save a bunch of time but no one's gonna
have remember them or use them right
they should open up gems what anything
is you do that
well people work out its social
distancing and proper cleaning it seems
like they should be able to do it should
only open up gems for people who never
contact anyone who contacts old people
to sign a contract
cleans after themselves seems like it's
the dirtiest place ever spit on the
floor they want to go back yes what I
mean what what kind of disgusting virus
carrying solution is sweat from some
dude who didn't shower today went
straight to Gold's fuck had pumped up
ready to get my PR in or PB personal
best personal record PR personal record
right yeah you got to know those terms
bro have you thought about doing
anything special it's like now that you
know you have to be locked down because
time to work on something well I've been
really getting into broadcasting fee
heart I'm learning how to do it the best
way and and I'm into VR man I think
that's the future and and these new at
games coming out and just let me ask you
has he broadcast you play in half-life
yeah I do it I've done five broadcast on
my YouTube page and I'm trying to get it
so I could have my whole body and there
maybe in the future that takes a lot of
work dude broadcasting HD VR in half
life in the game like that would be
fucking amazing do you think about how
many people play games if they could
figure out a way you know you watch
someone play and it's real similar like
if you remember the back in the quake
days we'd watch demos like if a really
good player was playing oh yeah I'd
watch like there's this dude named
Thresh I've talked to my mom on the
podcast before I watch all his demos she
was just he's still around he's around
yeah he he he and I exchanged the
messages way back in the dick but it was
obviously for this Korona know what
you're saying yeah it's like step one
but you could see her button in real
life right you would be her yeah this is
what I'm trying to get my house right
now and it's hard to dig so you have to
have a lot of green screen crap that's
cool this is cool
like that is it'll be interesting to see
someone walk through in third-person but
I'm talking about its first person I
know I know dude that would be the shit
like this is this game allows you to
place a virtual camera for the purpose
of doing this in there so like not doing
that you can have the headset for a
vision of it oh you can't yeah I did a
headset yeah that's the what I'm saying
is like when when people watch you play
a game they're gonna want to watch you
survive some crazy VR like fantasy game
like half-life yeah like that would be
really captivating because it's one
thing to watch a guy play a game but if
you could put the VR goggles on and
watch with him and you're looking around
and I'm seeing what you're seeing holy
fuck dude what are the good where
there's other good
good series that are out I know amazon's
that has some good series now people
were saying yeah well I've you know that
Tiger thing I highly recommend but I'm
definitely gonna see that but I want to
see something that's fake to Lulu really
good one actor the guy from Parks and
Rec was his name the comedian guy
Offerman he's great man he does yeah
he's one of the main guys like he's the
steve jobs guy and that's where in
Westroads back I don't have you ever
gotten dude I liked Westworld but the
wife got a little grossed out people's
heads up I know yeah don't stay away
from the spoilers they're everywhere
well yeah Wes really fucks not in the
West anymore though no no not west world
I mean it's Ozark people people are
binge-watching
like instantly people are so greedy now
the use of all toilet paper they sit
there watching those are but oh the
other ones expanse
I heard the expanse is really good have
you ever seen that pee a bunch of people
that I respect that like sci-fi told me
that the expanse which is I think that's
an Amazon show see that yes four seasons
in the season coming soon Amazon know
anything about it no I haven't seen it
at all no I've never even heard of it
what hurts really good there's too many
shows oh there definitely is and they
never stop yeah they never stop they
never go we're just gonna keep the shows
we have make them better
no I really watch that tiger show too
because I was so annoyed if people ask
me if I watch it I'm like I gotta just
watch it so I could say yes and know
what people are talking about I'm tired
of hearing about it yeah dude I was
watching regular TV and it was you
couldn't for some reason fast-forward
through the commercials what yeah there
was something going on but you couldn't
fast-forward through commercials I was
going in and out of this room with the
TV and I couldn't figure it out but
while I was watch I just stopped and
paused watching these commercials on
regular TV for these upcoming shows that
they have and it's like it's almost like
they're trying to put you into a coma
but they're trying to put you in a state
of mind like like some fake-ass Norman
Rockwell painting of America some we
like to try it's a it's a call
down easy to predict version of a drama
you know we're all in this together and
it's perfect perfect music and we're all
about God and family and and they're all
hugging and smiling and like what are
you doing in here it doesn't work on me
anymore I can't watch that shitting it's
no you can't watch it it's it's but
that's what I'm saying it's so strange
when you compare that to some of the
shit that we watch now like if you watch
Game of Thrones or if you watch Ozark or
if you watch you know the outside are
all these crazy fucking shows you watch
a show that's made like a 1980 CBS drama
and you're like what is this and then
you realize oh my god they still make
them this don't make them make them just
like that Grey's Anatomy has been on TV
for that's still on yeah yeah is dr.
dreamy still on it I don't know is he he
might be are you talking about it dreamy
Patrick yeah
amazing yeah I like what Sports is doing
now right because there's no sports or
they've been doing NASCAR like video
games and it looks so real like a real
NASCAR race and I guess Madden in like
next week is gonna have a football game
but it's gonna be a video game Madden
football game so that might be the
future of sports but they are talking
about doing like the NBA might do a hold
their whole tournament in the Vegas this
summer because just like they do in be a
summer league they can't play any they
all they're fuck they're fucked right
now they've had not taken two weeks off
that's all the bronsted they might have
to you might need like 10 games to get
warmed back up to even start going they
have no preseason again all these guy
there's a China league that's starting
up soon all those players from America
that are gonna go over there to just
work out on their own just like some UFC
fighters who can't fight right now
they're gonna go and play in China yeah
son Stephon Marbury is a big star there
and he's trying to get some ass sent
back to Brooklyn where he's from but
he's a huge star in China now damn yeah
interesting things happening to hold
premier soccer league team that all over
Europe they're gonna like have like a
World Cup event type thing a huge TV
event they're getting TV partners in
place they're gonna have like warranty
and everyone put them in little camps
all the tea like I don't know 30 teams
maybe 20 to 15 who's buying up all the
stock now that the markets crashed cuz
you know that shit's going on in a lot
of you are still sports guy well I mean
all sorts of people right that some
people say that's a good thing to do I
don't know it's so crashing so I don't
well you got a wonder because the people
that can buy the stock are the people
that have the most money already crazy
stories this could be a giant change and
like who owns what yeah
somebody could buy it they speculated
that like what company I think Apple
could just buy Netflix or something
combined that footnote Apple could just
buy Disney oh yeah they definitely could
they definitely could they have so much
money they're so weird like the amount
of money they have is weird you know
like what a amazing move but what
company has that kind of cash no one
Amazon's close and they're gonna
probably be the first two trillion
dollar company but it's a very different
thing they sell everything right they
sell toothpaste and fucking bubble gum
and nails you know they said they'll
they'll tell you everything but Apple
just sells you computers phones watches
sibich mm that's it it's for right now
it's amazing but no no one has loyalty
to like tech products where people have
with Apple didn't have a store 10 years
ago is it 10 years I don't know but it's
not been that long
there's no Apple stores you couldn't you
had to go to like a Micro Center he
needs more than 10 years but you're
right but dude that fucking Genius Bar
that was the ultimate like call it a
Genius Bar like really these are just
people that work here why you saying
geniuses these aren't geniuses
I want to believe you're making these
people operate it's such a exaggerated
standard right you have to be geniuses
right can't just be a guy who
understands batteries oh yeah man little
broad test here no it has to be a genius
excuse me sir what's your IQ yeah
gateway we just call him text tech
support it wasn't it the Geek Squad no
that's like our best
that's by that's yeah that's hilarious
geek squad geek somehow or another is
more offensive than dork to me oh yeah
nerd is the top of the food chain nerd
is like you could say proud but geek is
like you're a little fucked up right and
dork it's endearing kind of dork
schoolwork cute Dirk's
yeah geek isn't cute geek is like you're
fucking freaking out
keep it together bitch yeah yeah yeah
dork is like you fucking door work yeah
yeah geek is like more well geek out
that's a good point
you can geek out in a good way that's a
good point yeah no one's complained
about language right now notice ah yeah
all that shit went away but so much
Corona it's just tiring yeah well that's
the other thing that's going on with
people it's the fear man when you you
have a hard time dealing young anxiety
you have apprehension you just fearful
of the future and fearful of the disease
some people had anxiety before this this
can accelerate everything that's gonna
be real hard for just for mental health
of people gonna be people that are gonna
have a really hard time also accepting
that this is just something that
happened to them it's just not something
that they did wrong you know when
something goes bad and you did something
wrong it kind of like I made a bad
decision I should have done it that way
I fucked up and we should have had that
meeting and then you know you might know
why your business fell apart but if it
falls apart now it's like you didn't
even do anything wrong
and the government gets to tell you they
have to sit back now if you were
conspiracy theorists that's so many of
them you would think what would be the
best way to gain more control of the
people the best way first of all to
accelerate despair and accelerate
unemployment you would do all the things
that are just going to happen from that
what naturally happens in a disease
people are willing to give up certain
civil liberties if they if they think
they can get more safety
and it's true we should stay home it's
true it will be better for everybody
it's true that we need to take
precautions it's true that we need to
self isolate all those things are true
but it's also true that you're giving a
certain amount of power to the
government to lock things down and
control you they're giving people
tickets in New York if they catch them
walking around they're given $500
tickets they're doing it in other places
too I'm sure that's where it gets weird
man because who are these people these
people that are telling you can't go
anywhere they're just the government
they're just people
they're people telling people that they
can't go somewhere which is fine if we
need to do that like right now but what
if it just sort of stays that way what
if it stays that way to a lesser extent
with this I you know how we're gonna
stop coronavirus from really taking
place I want to know where you're going
I want to know where you're going I want
to know I want when you go through each
state we're gonna have checkpoints we're
gonna pull you over it's gonna be a
heightened police day sir have you been
tested for the corona virus and you put
a fucking thing on your forehead what if
what if this thing really does start
coming back the way it has in wool on or
people tested negative and then they
later tested positive if that happens
here are we gonna keep this lockdown
thing going on what if it's something
that we all have and it comes back like
when Jon Jones had those steroids in a
system and the picograms and it just
kept flashing back what do that's with
this stuff well if we test positive for
coronavirus every couple of years what
if it's like herpes what if you keep it
for life what if we're assuming we got
rid of it we're gonna just accept
martial law we're just gonna accept
tanks in the streets what are we gonna
accept it's a real good question so if
you were a nut right now you would be
fucking going crazy because you'd be
saying all the pieces are in place for
like a hostile takeover and they're in
place because they really truly are the
best ways to save people's lives like
it's all it's all smart thing to do but
if you were a conspiracy theorist you'd
say this is exactly what I would do if I
wanted to take over and that's what we
have to be really careful of we got to
be careful somehow another walking that
very fine balance of protecting people
a disease it's invisible killer and
preserving our freedom and preserving
rights all those things are very
important that we don't just give that
up because it's it's not the way to go
it's just not we have to figure out our
way through this disease and then we
have to figure out some way to return to
normalcy and that's got to happen we
can't just stay like this where no one
works anymore
we can't just not ever take risks we
can't just not go out so once this does
get rolling again it's gonna be real
interesting to see how much if any
control the government retains how much
if any restrictions get get imposed how
much of these restrictions we just
absorb and they become new or new things
I got a normal thing rather where'd you
just go to the airport you have to take
a temperature test and go to the airport
they want to test you or we're gonna
have to start wearing suits like kind of
like Star Wars like these kind of
stinking helmets and breathing apparatus
in everyone that works at the grocery
store is going to be robots you know and
imagine that you get to the hotel yep
decompress and unzip you can enjoy New
York City from your balcony look so I'm
pretty out there with all the murderous
viruses swarming around killing people
with the virus got together made virus
tornadoes it started just throwing
people against walls or virus babies if
I'm not born listen man if a fucking if
a wind can pick up a semi and make it
fly through the air like we've seen why
can't a virus tornado just slam you into
a wall imagine like viruses accelerate
billions of times and they form colonies
and they become intelligent and they
realize if they move quick enough they
can actually like they could knock you
off your feet then they go down your
throat like a demon happening already
it's crazy for sure but so was a regular
virus so it was a regular virus they I
mean just what we were reading about the
h1n1 and all these other flus that kill
so many countless thousands of people
not countless they counted them they're
actually pretty accurate right we had a
double check I mean just think about the
the sheer numbers of people that have
died from those things if those were
demons
the diseases how freaky would that be if
we really look we're gonna lose a
certain amount of people every year to
demons why is it better to lose to a
virus than a demon little cuts running
up into your window and killing your
grandma baby god fuck god damn it you go
in there and she's just bones just white
bones sticking up there's a horde of
little Godzilla's just chewing through
her meat why would that be more horrific
than a virus the silent thing that
chokes you to death I need to know I've
been thinking that like delirious
there's been that talk when we've talked
about UFOs that all the world needs to
get to come together is like that alien
invasion yeah is not too different than
what that would be it is an alien tech
yeah it is it's foreign to us Action
Bronson had it right the whole time just
getting high and watch in ancient aliens
and try to get so high you just try to
sort through what they're saying he
figured it out it's interesting to think
what if this did come from you know
space like they're sick of us yeah
imagine ya just tried something
something just the real fear is that
they're eventually gonna have something
that you can't fix you know I had this
guy on that was talking about with my
friend
do you remember that guy's name with
Doug Doug durin the scientist Brian his
scientist friend came in with my friend
Doug durin from Wisconsin to talk about
chronic wasting disease Brian Richards
Brian Richards thank you and he
explained how this is not made to jump
to people but if it does it's gonna be
horrific and it's like it's in Deer and
it's made to jump to mice and it's
spreading through the Midwest and like
this is something you got to keep an eye
on like this is not a this is not a safe
thing like if this does make the jump to
people and people get hit with this
prion disease
that's called chronic wasting disease in
deer if that spreads to people we're
fucked
we're fucked it's gonna be like a zombie
apocalypse if that gets into people it's
like there are a hundred percent of them
died beard there are a hundred percent
die they don't live for very long either
and it's a horrific death their body
shrivels that's why they call it chronic
wasting disease they waste away and they
like vomiting everywhere all this like
stuff is coming out of their mouths from
their nose and this stuff that's coming
out of their mouth and nose it's highly
contagious and then other deer come
along and eat the grass that they spit
out this phlegm or this body fluid
whatever the fuck it is and they get it
from that and they get it from sharing
food sources and they leave it
everywhere to when the deer are dying
they this this stuff comes out of them
and they leave it everywhere it's like
the virus knowing it's losing its host
and it decides to just land on plants
it's scary as fuck because it's like mad
cow disease they just reported the other
day read something in China where they
found a guy on a bus that the guy like a
version of I'm gonna Flo's Corona that
usually has never traveled from rat or
mouse to human it was the first time
ever like said there might be a hole
right he another corona that was like
two days ago no I found a guy in the bus
and they said don't worry that's never
happened before there's patient zeros or
really pissing me off yeah what the fuck
jamie is one handing it let's see who
gets it antivirus hantavirus damn Jamie
one six days ago man who died on bus in
China test positive for hantavirus
motherfucker this is how many days ago
six Oh make this a little larger so I
could read it with my shitty eyes a
passenger who died on a bus in china has
tested positive for a completely
different virus than co vid 19 one more
fatal that often produces very similar
symptoms according to state-run media
the unidentified woman from u ha yunnan
province died while on a chartered bus
heading to his workplace in Shandong
Province the state-run glow
time's announced in a tweet on Monday he
tested positive for hashtag hantavirus
other 32 people in the bus were tested
the outlet stated offering no further
details oh fuck the new virus starting
just as China starts lifting its strict
quarantine from kovat 19 Jesus Christ
okay however experts were quickly to
point out that it's not a new virus and
is only rarely thought to have been
passed between humans oh that doesn't
make me feel good yeah it's only recent
that this is starting to happen yeah
this is not good listen to this the
hantavirus first emerged in the 1950s in
American Korean War in Korea Hanten
River it spreads from rat mice if humans
ingest their body fluids human human
transmission is rare rare is not a word
I like when it comes to a disease that
kills the fuck out of you please don't
do do not panic unless you plan to eat
rats and a billion Chinese people just
want fuck yeah well these dogs are okay
well how many of them rats they eat what
they can eat right you those wet markets
are just that whoa after exposure to
fresh urine droppings or saliva of
infected rodents hey symptoms may occur
up to eight weeks after exposed after
exposure to fresh urine droppings or
saliva infected rodents
okay well that that that can get a rat
to a person so it can't get
person-to-person yet but what if that
thing morphs they're pretending like
things don't morph you know like bitch
they got to a person in the first place
because they made a jump all these
things right avian flu swine flu all
these flus they they jump from an animal
to a human god imagine if this starts
going on god damn it well this is what
I'm saying
now what if it does and then they keep
this level of of security and this level
of restriction and it restricts your
freedom man it makes you really realize
how well we had it before those we just
do whatever you wanted you just right
now you could just drive to Vegas let's
go to Vegas let's go see Britney Spears
yay you go down there
nice dinner that's what we do cozy
Brittany really bitch you know not
anymore bitch now no one's gonna know
anymore
if you wanted to take over the world
isn't that the way you would do it I'm
not saying that that's what's happening
what if I was saying if you were writing
a book on a takeover of the world by
another nation what better way to do it
than that
what if North Korea was behind all this
well I don't think they have the
resources China since it's in China it's
much more likely we'll get started from
China whether it is intentional and
unintentional that's beside the point
I don't think it was intentional but I
think that when things like this happen
people do take advantage of opportunity
and you got to be real careful who gets
the better hand when they taking
advantage of opportunity it's just it's
a it's new ground it's weird for people
they know where it came from
they've isolated that this thing did
come from this market in Wuhan they know
it's just it's the way things like this
can play out if there's a bunch of these
is almost just like someone starting a
conspiracy it's not it doesn't have to
be done like it just actually naturally
exists and the same people that would
benefit from a conspiracy or who would
engage the conspiracy to defraud people
or fuck people over in the first place
they're the ones are going to jump in
and take advantage of it the quickest
that's what's so scary about it
totalitarian ideas thrive when people
are scared they want someone to take
over the reins they want someone to take
over we got to block the streets no more
travel we're gonna block this you can't
go to work in a block then you're gonna
be poor and broke it scared I'm not
saying that that's what they're doing
what I am saying is if you wanted to do
something to really take over a
civilization it would be this way that's
how you would do it you would do it
diseases I'm not saying they're doing
that I don't think they are I think this
is just a horrible natural disaster I
wanna be really clear on that but we
might come out of this different than we
went in that's real
there's tanks driving down the road in
California tanks and like oh they're
just getting supplies or something like
what do you hey there's tanks rolling
through New York City my friend John
Joseph he sent me a video from his phone
of tanks rolling down New York City like
hot armed Humvees and tanks yeah freaky
like military vehicles in camo like were
you hiding you're in New York City what
are you hiding from what kind of camo is
that is that where they even when they
use them in cities they came all up yeah
seems so rude is so like to let you know
they might hide in the bushes to bitch
but they drive through the cities to
lock everybody down they had those
murdered-out matte black paint jobs
instead it would be a little bit more
intimidating me but yeah pizza slices
and stuff well it's at least with camo
if you have your car is all camo'd up
and you're not in the military you know
they're gonna have an eye on you anyway
I think what are you doing right and
they serve in like West Virginia dudes
who have like camo'd up H ones Hummers
and they're driving those real
military-style Hummer around like please
check that guy's house you know please
please read his facebook please he's
driving around with an armored vehicle
all camo doubt you don't do you really
need an h1 Hummer in LA there's so wide
do they submit they don't still make
this they don't still make them but
people still have him yeah not only do
people have them but people they do
these mods on them because they're
really slow like Hummers really slow and
I pretty sure they're a diesel engine
it's like a slow shitty stinky engine
it's not it's not good it's not optimal
so they take the engine out of those
shit boxes and put like giant American
engines in there and turn them into it's
a company in Florida I forget what the
the company is but they make custom
Humvees like the real military Humvees
but they deck them out inside with dope
interiors and they put ridiculous like
thousand horsepower turbocharged engines
in them and Chet look if if there is
even like if you have you know one wacky
idea in your head like maybe maybe
someone can do their
the corona virus pandemic Hummer that
they made oh shit I just uploaded it
probably to what's the company predator
yes
that's it yeah so they made a corona
virus that's what it says I don't know
um V I was making a big assumption see
the that's that's the shit that they
make they make things like those listen
they put these bonkers engines in them
have you ever written in one of those
they're you're real far from the person
we would be like this that's how far we
would be yes I was driving and you were
the passenger there would be almost this
much space in between us thrilled there
were real weird but dude you don't worry
about shit when you're in one of those
things you like run me over fucker
good luck bitch they just feel like like
a real tank you could run over a wall
and I'm right that's the thing I
remember when I was over a wall yeah the
whole underside is completely protected
like you can scratch over all kinds of
shit and everything's inside that's why
there's that big hump that's because the
drivetrain is all protected underneath
the chassis so you get this
extraordinary travel in terms of how far
like or you go over a rock like you're
your height what is that called there's
a term for that how much travel space
you have underneath the vehicle hearing
clearance that's it yeah let's see if a
ton of clearance and you know that's a
military designed over-engineered
vehicle for the streets yeah but if
you're like super paranoid I like how it
my car you could do the clearance that
you could like to raise it yeah yeah
those are the future right
cyber truck yeah all those electric cars
of the future there's gonna get better
at charging them it's the future
especially if we could really get solar
down here in LA for really nail solar
yeah I mean they knew the technology
needs to change for sure because it
would be nice to have solar on your car
but right now I think I've read like if
you had all solar panels on top of your
car it still wouldn't do that crazy
though like you have a source of power
that people use to power their homes and
big buildings solar but you can
can't utilize it in a car which is
always in the Sun yeah especially out
here right I just kind of figured it out
you know Fisker did they had a roof that
a solar roof that powered the radio mmm
yeah it only powered the radio though
but that's better than nothing you think
it would still be good like hey if my
car's sitting out all day at least it
gave me 20 miles yeah right sitting in
the parking lot all day it should be
sucking up some juice yeah I think
that's coming to I think just the
technology is just not there well they
need a battery technology jump right
really a big jump and how much power
gets stored and how quickly you can get
it in there cuz right now it's still a
little clunky yeah well that we the
Tesla wall the battery pack of the wall
you know that's pretty badass for you
it's pretty badass but what I mean is it
takes too long to charge a car and then
it doesn't have long enough of a range
right well that's when the wireless
charging on the roads were you're just
driving on a wireless charger you just
got to give up a microchip they put a
microchip in your hand
and you're fine and it's also it doubles
as a corona tester so you make sure they
never get mistaken for someone with
Corona they just have to scan you hey
you going into this bathroom can I have
your hand please WOM up green go ahead
and urinate with peace and harmony go
ahead we're putting those UV lights I
might be freaking out I mean really I'm
trying not to sound like a conspiracy
nut cuz I'm not accusing anyone of
creating conspiracy but what I am saying
is if if I was a conspiracy nut or if I
was a country that was conspiring to
take over the world this is not a bad
way to do it I don't think that's
happening right now I want to be real
clear but it's kind of the same result
that we're experiencing right now where
everyone's being forced to shut down
with who knows what consequences but
it's also the right thing to do so we're
all like whoa how do you you know it's
another one of those things about being
a person or the right thing to do still
feels crazy still feels like all right
we're just gonna sit around yeah I guess
that's what you have to do no it's kind
of in one way encouraging that so many
people are willing to stay home
and people aren't rebelling like fuck
you this is my country I'm gonna go to
work I'll take a chance everybody's
gonna get it anyway fuck you there's way
less people doing that and when you
consider that the government is
controlling 320 million people pretty
crazy
almost everyone's complying with staying
home there's only a few essential
businesses yeah we're gonna have to I
think really have spacesuits to leave
the house and work they're gonna
probably be like this it's the metal
plastic thing now what could wash off
really put socks and their spacesuits
it's gonna be a mess are you worried
Jamie yeah I've never seen you this word
because I've everything you're sort of
saying like I I look into the future and
sort of see where we're headed
and I don't see a I don't really see
much out there because I don't know what
it is but it's not anything good because
there's nothing there I don't see like
going to the movies again seems like
that's probably close to out movies were
already dying anyway
they might not survive this they've
already opened up the ability to like
put those right into your house for 20
bucks perfect way better suite so when a
movie theater isn't open again all right
what's next
you know concerts sporting events you
know I don't know that's just those are
all the fun things we used to do so like
fuck it's also once everything's in
place where they can treat people
effectively and they have the adequate
number of ventilators then are we gonna
go back to the way things were or we're
gonna have new standards in place I
don't know I don't know man that they
look they did an unprecedented thing
they lock down the entire country to
save people's lives
never happened before we're in new
territory and you know it's dangerous
when a moron like me is making sense and
I'm when I'm one of the people who's
talking about something like this
I were just read yesterday I don't know
if someone shared this is of F scott
Fitzgerald wrote I think this was a
letter found from 1920 when he was
living in France during the Spanish flu
ooh and like he was I don't know who is
writing to I'll try to find it right now
but he's talking about how they stocked
up on a bunch of alcohol and people were
being told almost like now I could you
know you're told not to go anywhere but
some people don't believe it forget he
was talking about another writer friend
of his
mmm who wasn't taking it seriously and
like whoa so it was like real sounded I
guess that's how people always have been
right especially back then when it's
real hard to get information imagine
people are dying and everyone's just
like what's going on you got to read the
newspaper but like fuck bitch what
happened it's fake huh how the kitchen I
just saw that this note was going viral
during the pandemic and a lot of people
have been falling for it
son of a bitch well what a good way to
end I'm glad you guys are still doing
kill Tony I really do I think it's an
awesome move it's a way to go just keep
keep pumping out the content let people
know you're there and you know they'll
be psyched when everything gets back up
and running again you guys back up
running to your live shows I'm hope
we're all on the road again in at the
very least this summer I really hope so
yeah it's been fun though having this
podcast definitely good times the time
fun times
give everybody your Instagram red band
hurry DBA ends what they're saying yeah
red band and check me out on to check my
VR out I'm doing it almost every night
I'm doing a VR join in there and fuck
with you there in the chat room at the
chat I'm hoping right now but no no I
mean like in the game they can't it when
I'm playing VR chat which is my second
thing I've been playing a lot VR chats
like an old chat room back in the day so
you can see it when you're in video you
know ready player one where everyone's a
different avatar yeah that's how it is
it's like you come up in SpongeBob's
talking to you so you actually talk to
the people you see though you see them
you have sex with him in the game it's
great let's check it out right band on
YouTube oh they're gone all fuck you
know all right bye everybody
[Music]